=== acceptName ===
AAAAAA==
About Neko Takahashi...
About the rainy day customers...
About the treasure...
Ask for an interview
Ask the staff to investigate.
Browse books.
Buy toilet paper.
Deliver the bouquet
Do you like this place?
Enter Ena Kageyama's caf\xe9
Enter the bar.
Enter the bathhouse.
Enter the burger shop.
Enter the diner.
Enter the gym
Enter the jazz club.
Excuse me.
Finished cleaning.
Finished practicing?
Go to the school grounds.
Go up the stairs.
Have gyoza
Hello
Hello.
Hey.
How are things going lately?
How's it going?
How's work?
I bought the book.
I bought you some tea.
I found a job for you.
I found the postcard.
I found your phone.
I need to tell you something.
I should investigate.
I'll check out the game center.
I'll go see Neko Takahashi.
I'm back.
I'm here to help.
I'm here to hunt for treasure.
I'm here.
I've found all the treasures.
Investigate the book store.
Investigate the coffee
Investigate the convenience store.
Meet with Rikuto Shimizu
Need a hand with anything?
Need any deliveries?
Observe the situation
Partake in secret training
Score a penalty kick
Search for treasure
See how he's doing.
Show Namie and Momoko the photo.
Something happen recently?
Something wrong?
Sounds interesting...
Speak to the shop owner
Sure.
Take cover.
Take on the challenge
Tell me more.
The lady who ordered flowers...
There you are.
Uh...
Wait for Ena Kageyama
Wait for Rikuto Shimizu
We meet again.
What are you doing...?
What did you want to tell me?
What do you want to do most?
What's news?
What's the matter?
What's the plan?
Where'd they go?
Why are you standing in the rain?
Yeah, let's do this.

=== awardDesc ===
AAAAAA==
Clear the mission to unlock Companio
Clear the mission to unlock Display Case
Clear the mission to unlock Fishing
Clear the mission to unlock Robotic Challenge
Clear the mission to unlock Thieves Den
Clear the mission to unlock the City Life activity Band Club Practice.
Clear the mission to unlock the City Life activity Help Hiyori.
Clear the mission to unlock the City Life activity Help Kazuhiko Tsuda.
Clear the mission to unlock the City Life activity Help Yuta Sato.
Clear the mission to unlock the City Life activity Listen to Ayaka's song.
Clear the mission to unlock the City Life activity Meet Namie Komatsu.
Clear the mission to unlock the City Life activity Stargaze with Haruna.
Clear the mission to unlock the City Life activity Tanzo's Top Pick.
Clear the mission to unlock the activity Camerawork with Rikuto Shimizu.
Clear the mission to unlock the activity Chihaya Mifune's Fortune-Telling.
Clear the mission to unlock the activity Soccer Practice.
Clear the mission to unlock the activity Tabby's Treasure Hunt.
Clear the mission to unlock the activity Talk to Anderson.
Clear the mission to unlock the activity Talk to Fumiyo Tosabayashi.
Clear the missions to unlock City Life activities with Shichi-kun.
Unlocks by clearing the mission Metro of Desire.
Unlocks by clearing the mission Trials from the Sea of Souls.

=== details ===
"Shinjuku Strolls" is usually filmed near a convenience store.\nI'll ask the store staff if they know anything.
"Shinjuku Strolls"... This clue seems easy enough. I'll head to Shinjuku.
2 Days Later
A "lame host"? The staff's remark would probably make a lot of people mad... For now, I should check the street out front.
A clever-looking boy is standing at the Kichijoji intersection. Did something happen?
A day has passed, but the orange tabby still isn't back in Zoshigaya.\nI should hurry back to Yongen-Jaya and find out what's going on.
A familiar figure appears at night in Yoyogi Park.\nA pair of eyes are staring at her from afar...
A few days have passed. I should go see Namie Komatsu again.
A fortune teller told me some strange things, but it's probably nonsense. Let's just get dinner.
A girl is holding a donation box near the subway entrance at Shibuya Station Square.\nI should check if she needs help when I have time.
A girl is looking at her smartphone at the Shibuya crossing.\nSuddenly, a bicycle approaches her at high speed...
A good meal always lifts your spirits.\nI should talk to my friends before heading home.
A little girl with big dreams of helping her feline friends.\nLet's check out the place she mentioned in Yongen-Jaya.
A lone foreigner is wandering about Kichijoji at night...
A lot happened today.\nTime to get some rest.
A lot of things happened today, and I'm feeling mentally drained.\nBetter get on the train and go home now.
A lot of things happened today.\nI should head home and get some rest.
A new day begins.\nTime for school.
A new teacher was introduced at the morning assembly.\nWhat kind of person is he?
A rude-looking man showed up at Shinjuku's Red-light District in the evening.\nI should hurry and see what's going on.
A strange guy showed up at Victory Kitchen, and I had to cut my meal short.\nI'm a bit disappointed.
A strong enemy appeared right in front of us. Let's take it down.
A suspicious person is passing through the town at night.\nI'll tail behind him with Kazuhiko Tsuda.
A worker is trapped. Let's go help him.
A yakitori master brimming with culinary confidence stands out on the streets of Zoshigaya.\nI should go to his yakitori stand sometime.
AAAAAA==
Abusing animals to get famous? That's lower than low!\nAs a phantom thief, I can't let this slide.
Accepted Mission NPC Tracking
After Ms. Katayama left, everyone agreed to investigate the Palace the next day.
After a tough fight, we've all returned to Shibuya safely.
After discussing things with my teammates, we decided to go to Mementos to see if we could find a Palace.
After going to Nashimoto's photo session with Merope, she seems to want to talk about something.
After going to the concept caf\xe9 with Merope, she seems to want to talk to me about something.
After much searching, I finally found all of the glass orbs. Now I need to find the orange tabby. I might be in for a nice reward...
After saying goodbye to the workplace specialist Daisato-san, I'll talk with Sato about what to do next.
After taking a break, the girl seemed reinvigorated and said she wanted to perform again. I should go watch.
After that misunderstanding, I wonder how Riko-senpai will react...
After these two investigations, Kageyama seems to have worked out what she's looking for.\nApparently the atmosphere around Zoshigaya is really nice. Let's go check it out.
Akashi and Mr. Yamanashi seem to be arguing near the school's smoking area...
Akashi and the academic coordinator are discussing something...
All right! I scored the penalty kick and proved myself to the team!
All right, everyone's here. Let's play Rivers In the Desert on any difficulty.
All right, let's complete penalty kick practice.
All the manuals have been found. Let's go to the repair room.
An unknown treasure is hidden away inside the art museum. We need to find it in order to escape.
An unknown treasure is hidden within the castle, and we have to recover it if we want to escape.
Anderson agreed to give me a tour of the sports gym, so let's head inside.
Anderson agreed to sign the contract for the expensive equipment to help the lady, but was that really the right thing to do?\nI should see how Anderson feels.
Anderson is going to meet a girl, and he's asked me to watch over him.\nThey're meeting at Shibuya Station, so I'd better head over there.
Anderson is standing outside the sports gym.\nI should ask him to give me the tour.
Another day has passed, so we should be seeing some developments about Akashi...\nNo use in worrying about it. I'll just go to school.
Apparently a new cat has moved into Zoshigaya recently.\nIf I have time, I should go and look for them.
Apparently the tabby hasn't been seen for some time.\nMaybe the nearby residents or shopkeepers might know something about it. Time to put on my detective hat and ask around.
Apparently there are six treasures hidden in Zoshigaya. I should find them and give them to the tabby.\nI'll need to keep my eyes peeled for sparkling areas, so it'll probably be easier to spot them on a clear day.
Apparently there's a guy who's been taking lots of photos of Shibuya recently. Maybe I should go see what he's up to.
As Motoha said, it looks like there will be a fireworks festival soon at Shirosato Beach. I can't wait to go.\n<color=#FF423F>Days Until the Fireworks Festival %s.</color>
As a customer, it's inexcusable to nag and belittle people who are passionate about their work.\nTime to punish those nonsense-preaching patrons!
As a preceptor, preventing a doctor from helping a patient solely to retain your authority is unconscionable.\nLet's teach this arrogant doctor a lesson!
As much as we don't want to, we don't have a choice but to fight Ms. Katayama.\nWe'd better take this fight seriously...
As parents, they crushed their child's dreams and treated her like a toy in their hands to be controlled.\nLet's open their eyes to the truth!
As soon as Miyazawa was defeated, his Palace collapsed.
At last, we got the door open.\nI wonder what awaits us on the other side...
Attend class in room 2-C
Ayumi told me about Shinmyoji in Kichijoji...
Ayumi told me about the fried food shop...
Ayumi told me about the supermarket in Kichijoji...
Before re-entering the Palace, we should go to the Path of Chemdah Area 1.
Before we enter the Palace, we should discuss our strategy.
Bella and Aiko want to buy some shoes. Let's look around the shopping district in Shibuya.
Better get changed.
Chapter 1 - Velvet Room
Chapter 1 - Waking up at home
Chizuko said she's at the bar we chatted at last time in Shinjuku. Guess I should head over there.
City Life Navigator: Empty Mission
Class will start soon. Better head there before I'm late.
Class will start soon. Better head to room 2-C before I'm late.
Class will start soon. I should head to the classroom quickly.
Classroom 2-C gradually begins to fill with noise as the students focus on the information on their phones...
Cleaning up the trash takes focus. This could count as training...
Close the Mission screen or log out
Convenience stores should have coffee. Maybe I'll find one in town.
Daisato-san is holding a reading event at the outdoor caf\xe9. Let's listen to Daisato-san's lecture with the other readers.
Defeat 3 of 7 Shadows
Divine Justice posted a video.\nDoes this have something to do with Akashi?
During P.E. class, Kano kept asking about Motoha. I wonder what's going through his head.\nI probably shouldn't dwell on it... I should go back to the classroom.
Enter the Velvet Room
Error: tnxotb-[Quest_details_100037]
Error: tnxotb-[Quest_details_100038]
Error: tnxotb-[Quest_details_100039]
Error: tnxotb-[Quest_details_100040]
Error: tnxotb-[Quest_details_100041]
Error: tnxotb-[Quest_details_100042]
Error: tnxotb-[Quest_details_100043]
Error: tnxotb-[Quest_details_990000]
Error: tnxotb-[Quest_details_990001]
Error: tnxotb-[Quest_details_990021]
Error: tnxotb-[Quest_details_990022]
Error: tnxotb-[Quest_details_990023]
Error: tnxotb-[Quest_details_990024]
Error: tnxotb-[Quest_details_990025]
Error: tnxotb-[Quest_details_990026]
Error: tnxotb-[Quest_details_990039]
Error: tnxotb-[Quest_details_990059]
Error: tnxotb-[Quest_details_990060]
Error: tnxotb-[Quest_details_990061]
Error: tnxotb-[Quest_details_990062]
Error: tnxotb-[Quest_details_990083]
Error: tnxotb-[Quest_details_990084]
Error: tnxotb-[Quest_details_990087]
Error: tnxotb-[Quest_details_990088]
Error: tnxotb-[Quest_details_990089]
Error: tnxotb-[Quest_details_990090]
Error: tnxotb-[Quest_details_990091]
Error: tnxotb-[Quest_details_990092]
Error: tnxotb-[Quest_details_990093]
Error: tnxotb-[Quest_details_990094]
Error: tnxotb-[Quest_details_990095]
Error: tnxotb-[Quest_details_990096]
Error: tnxotb-[Quest_details_990097]
Error: tnxotb-[Quest_details_990110]
Error: tnxotb-[Quest_details_990111]
Error: tnxotb-[Quest_details_990112]
Error: tnxotb-[Quest_details_990113]
Error: tnxotb-[Quest_details_990114]
Error: tnxotb-[Quest_details_990115]
Evening
Everybody's in high spirits. I'll go talk to them.
Everyone should be happy to hear that Ms. Katayama and Riko have been cleared.\nLet's meet up on the rooftop.
Everyone's gathered at the beach. I should go look for them.
Everything seems to be going well, so let's go up to the rooftop to discuss our next move.
Everything seems to have worked out. I'll check on Shishida again tomorrow evening.
Extended unlock condition: 12:00, July 22, 2024 exactly.\nMission goal: Walk around Shibuya.
Extended unlock condition: Band Club level 5.\nMission goal: Walk around Shibuya.
Extended unlock condition: Interact with the dog statue in Shibuya.\nMission goal: Walk around Shibuya.
Extended unlock condition: Synergy Rank 5 with Merope.\nMission goal: Walk around Shibuya.
First, I should leave school.
Four devices are broken. We can't proceed until we fix them.
Fumiyo Tosabayashi has offered to treat me to some delicious gyoza as thanks. Let's go to the izakaya on the street corner of Shinjuku.
Fumiyo Tosabayashi seems concerned about something... I should go to Shinjuku and talk to her when I have time.
Fumiyo Tosabayashi seems to have lost a postcard. Let's look around nearby and try to find it...
Fumiyo Tosabayashi seems to have received another anonymous postcard. Let's look at it together with her.
Furukawa's Shadow is already this distorted...\nLet's make him repent for his actions.
Furukawa's heart was successfully changed. We should see what he does next.
Go to Shibuya Station
Go to Shibuya's Shichi-kun
Going to the Path of Aiyatsbus could help us find clues on Miyazawa's Palace.
Hang out with Ayaka Sakai
Harris and his daughter had an argument. I should talk with him at the jazz club.
Harris invited me to a jazz club in Kichijoji. I could go have one drink...
Harris is looking for something in Shinjuku at night. I'll go check on him.
Harris is walking around at night again. I should look for him in Kichijoji.
Harris started talking about how his daughter secretly came to Japan...
Harris wants to order a coffee at the idol concept caf\xe9 in Akihabara. I'll see how it goes...
Haruna and her two friends are looking through the textbooks spread out on the table...
Haruna introduced me to her mother.
Haruna invited me to play together with her friends.
Haruna made a puzzle for Shota.\nLet's bring it to him and solve it together.
Haruna wants to show me something.\nI should go see what it is.
Haruna's genius knows no bounds. She already got accepted to a college in the US.\nHigh school textbooks are no match for her and she excels at making puzzles.\nMaybe I'll see her around...
Hiyori Koide is fundraising at the Shibuya subway entrance. She looks antsy. I should talk to her when I have time.
Hiyori Koide wants to help the cat.
Hmm... I don't see Kurosawa around. Best carry on with practice for now.
How does someone who loves running but has no sense of direction survive?\nShe probably has trouble finding her way home every day...\nI'll help her get to the station.
I agreed to be there for Minami when she talks with her father.\nI'll give her some time, then see how she's doing.
I agreed to help Minami out. I should go to her family's store and look after the kids.
I agreed to help Shimizu out with his Shinjuku night photography. I should head to Shinjuku when it's evening.
I agreed to meet Kageyama at Shibuya Station. I'd better head straight there.
I agreed to meet Kazuhiko Tsuda at the entrance of the night market in Kichijoji.
I agreed to meet Shimizu at Shibuya Station. I'd better head straight there.
I agreed to meet up with Shimizu at the burger shop in Shibuya. I'd better head over there.
I asked around Central Street but didn't hear anything helpful. I met an old man who wanted to talk someplace else...\nI'll go back to the station square and find him.
I became acquainted with Minami Miyashita. I should come back and see how she's doing later on.
I bought toilet paper. Let's get it back to the man.
I can advance the current time to Night by selecting Track Mission, or through City Life.
I can advance to Evening by selecting Track Missions, or by completing events on the Schedule.
I can assemble the crafting bench in my room.
I can check how Yuta Sato is doing when he goes to his boss's birthday party next week.
I can continue after I reach level 20.
I can continue after I reach level 22.
I can continue after I reach level 30.
I can craft a grappling hook at the workbench.
I can earn some money by working at the convenience store.
I can hear shooting game sound effects coming from the arcade.\nI should take a look.
I can hear water somewhere nearby.\nWhere is that sound coming from?
I can tap the Metaverse icon to go to Path of Qimranut Area 1.
I can tap the Metaverse or Map icon to head to the 2F Exhibition Hall in Kiuchi's Palace.
I can use the app at Station Square to enter Mementos.
I can use the grappling hook to enter Kiuchi's Palace.
I can use the smartphone app to join a Companio.
I can't believe Kiuchi would do something like that... What should I do now?\nI need to go to school first, but I'll think about it...
I couldn't get anything to eat after all. Whatever, better head back to the classroom.
I delivered the order. Let's report back to Tanzo in Zoshigaya.
I didn't expect Riko-senpai to show up right in front of me... But this is a good chance to talk to her.
I discussed things with my teammates, and we decided to go to Mementos and search for Miyazawa's Palace.
I exchange contact details with Chizuko, and form a new friendship that transcends the age gap. I should contact her sometime.
I feel like checking out the fishing pond in Ichigaya.
I finally finished cleaning. Let's ask if Hiyori Koide needs anything else.
I finished all my deliveries. Let's report back to Tanzo in Zoshigaya.
I forgot to pack a lunch.\nMaybe they've got something at the school store.
I found Fumiyo Tosabayashi's postcard that had been blown away by the wind. Now I can return it to her.
I found Sato's phone. I should return it to him.
I found all the robots, so now let's rescue the Shadows.
I found the clinic.\nTime to go inside.
I gave directions to the lady in the kimono. Let's head to the store she was talking about.
I got a crafting bench. Time to go home.
I got a message from Chizuko.
I got a message from Motoha.\nWhat happened? I should go back to room 2-C to look for her.
I got a message from Shun, inviting everyone to Heritage Kitchen.
I got a message from an unknown sender. Who could it be?
I got a message from someone. I should see what it says.
I got a message from someone.\nI should see what it says.
I got a message. I should check it out.
I got a message. Who's it from?
I got a phone call.\nI should answer it...
I got a special offer for Harvest World Online.\nI should try it out sometime.
I guess I should follow the orange tabby to Yongen-Jaya...
I had a deep conversation with Chizuko. Turns out she's the grandmother of that girl I saw jump from the building in Shimo-Kitazawa...
I had fun exploring with Haruna.\nTime to say goodbye for now.
I have a feeling we're in for a tough fight past the door...\nI should make sure I'm prepared.
I have plans to meet with Bella in front of the Kokatsu Academy gates today after school.
I have received Fumiyo Tosabayashi's invitation. Now let's go to Yongen-Jaya and pay a visit to her old friend.
I haven't heard how Harris and Bella are doing. I should try contacting them tomorrow evening.
I hear there are lots of interesting things to do and people to see on the streets of Shibuya. I should have a look around if I'm not busy.
I heard about the terrible situation from the old man.\nWhy doesn't Shichi-kun ask for help? I'll ask Shichi-kun during his break.
I heard that Yoyogi Park has great scenery. I'll check it out when I have time.
I just arrived outside the faculty office, but it seems like the teachers are discussing something right now...
I just got a text message. Is it from my teammates?
I learned all about "Phantom Idols" in the Velvet Room.
I learned that Shota was pressuring himself because Haruna was leaving for college soon...
I learned there are places called Safe Rooms within the Palace.\nAs we continue further, we should look for other Safe Rooms.
I made a promise to go on a fieldwork trip to a caf\xe9 with Ena Kageyama tomorrow. She is seeking opinions from a customer's perspective. I'll just wait patiently until tomorrow.
I made plans to go running with Namie Komatsu at Inokashira Park. Let's not be late.
I made plans to meet with Bella in front of the Kokatsu Academy gates tomorrow after school.
I made plans to run with Namie Komatsu after school.
I made plans to run with Namie Komatsu at Inokashira Park. She seems to be worried about something.
I made plans to run with Namie Komatsu in Shimo-Kitazawa tomorrow.
I made plans with Motoha.\nI'll go to Central Street in Shibuya.
I met Haruna's old playmate while exploring the underground mall with Haruna and her friends.
I met Momoko Sakurai, Namie Komatsu's teammate from high school. We'll go to the diner in Shibuya together.
I met Namie Komatsu, the running fanatic.\nI should help her if she gets lost again.
I met Shun right after he bought lunch.\nLet's grab some drinks and head up to the roof.
I met a familiar runner after coming to Inokashira Park.
I met another runner at Inokashira Park.
I met the author of the book. The business expert offered Sato and me a free lecture.\nShouldn't be any problem, as long as it's free...
I met the mathematical genius Haruna Nishimori. She's extremely smart and is good at solving puzzles.Maybe I'll see her around...
I met up with Motoha and Shun at Shimo-Kitazawa Station, and we're heading to Kichijoji together.
I might be able to find a book about rakugo at the Taiheido Bookstore in Shibuya.
I need saline solution for the cat's eyes. Maybe the nearby drugstore will have it.
I need to defeat the Shadow that appeared before me.
I need to find the seven treasures hidden in Shinjuku and return them to the tabby.\nI'll need to keep my eyes peeled for sparkling areas, so it'll probably be easier to spot them on a clear day.
I need to find the six treasures hidden in Yongen-Jaya and return them to the tabby.\nI'll need to keep my eyes peeled for sparkling areas, so it'll probably be easier to spot them on a clear day.
I need to go pick up the order from the stand and deliver it.
I need to go to Hinokuniya Bookstore to buy a book for Shishida.
I need to go to Zoshigaya and meet up with Shimizu.
I need to help attract people around Kichijoji to Kageyama's caf\xe9. Three people should be enough...
I need to hurry so I'm not late for class.
I need to level up my Persona to level 3 to gain more power.
I need to talk to Motoha about Kano.
I need to talk to the girl and rescue the orange tabby.
I need to think things over, and talk to Lufel once I've made a decision.
I never expected Riko to awaken a Persona, too.\nLet's return to Shibuya and talk about this.
I never got a chance to enjoy that highly-acclaimed ramen...\nI'll just head home.
I passed the penalty kick challenge, and proved my potential. Now I can join the team with confidence.
I promised to meet Kazuhiko Tsuda at the underground mall in Shibuya.
I promised to meet Kazuhiko Tsuda near the laudromat in Yongen-Jaya. Let's hurry and go meet him.
I promised to meet Lufel in Shibuya. Head to the station.
I promised to meet Riko in Kichijoji.
I promised to meet Shun at Heritage Kitchen.\nI'd better not be late.
I promised to meet with Kazuhiko Tsuda again at the underground mall in Shibuya. Let's hurry and go meet him.
I received a strange message... I should be careful when I go to Kichijoji.
I remembered that message from before... Maybe I'll notice something if I wander around the area.
I remembered the business expert Mr. Smart while talking with Yuta Sato about what to do.
I scored the penalty kick and we won the practice match!\nI'm glad I was able to cover for Kurosawa while he's injured.
I should answer the phone and see who it is.
I should call Shimizu and ask him about the reception to the interview show.
I should call Shimizu and see what the reaction to the interview video was like.
I should check on Shishida tomorrow.
I should check out the music player and have Marthym explain what it does.
I should clear 2 daily Phantom Pass goals.\nI can check the Phantom Pass by pressing the Goals button on the main screen.
I should enter Miyazawa's Palace from Path of Aiyatsbus Area 1.
I should explore deeper into the Path of Qimranut to discover what other secrets lie in wait.
I should first go back to the Path of Qimranut Area 2.
I should follow after the orange tabby.
I should go and hear the truth from that woman.
I should go see Kurosawa and take part in soccer practice.
I should go see Marthym. She seems to have something for me.
I should go to Shinjuku to observe the confrontation between Shishida and Yu Yamaguchi.
I should go to the Path of Chemdah Area 1 when I'm ready.
I should go to the diner in Shibuya and have a talk with Motoha.
I should go to the kitchen and cook something.
I should go to the sliding door and do some gardening.
I should head back to the caf\xe9 and talk to Kageyama...
I should head home, call Shimizu and ask him about the reception to the interview show.
I should head home, call Shimizu and see how the interview video went.
I should head home, call Shimizu, and make sure there wasn't any problems with yesterday's interview.
I should head to Shinjuku and look for the orange tabby.
I should head to Shinjuku and meet with Shimizu in the evening.
I should head to Shinjuku and talk to the downcast Shimizu.
I should head to the crossroads and talk to Shimizu about the theme of his first shoot.
I should head to the place where the man and the orange tabby cat are.
I should head to the school grounds and meet the other team members.
I should help out Yaoling.
I should leave Victory Kitchen quickly to avoid any more trouble.
I should leave the Companio for now and discuss whether or not to make it our base.
I should listen to Tomoko and offer her some advice.
I should look for Kurosawa and head to the match with him.
I should look for Namie Komatsu in front of Kokatsu Academy after school.
I should look for the girl collecting donations near the subway entrance.
I should say goodbye to Ritsuka at the station.
I should see if there are any hidden areas in the Path of Qimranut Area 2.
I should take a picture of the izakaya for the investigation.
I should take a picture of the yakitori restaurant for the investigation.
I should take on the Velvet Trials.
I should take part in Kurosawa's secret training.
I should talk to Ayumi near the furniture store.
I should talk to Masa and check how things are going inside Victory Kitchen.
I should talk to Ritsuka and hear her thoughts.
I should talk to Ryuji and see if he has any information about this Palace.
I should talk to the band club members and find out what the matter is.
I should talk to the others about going to Mementos.
I should tap the Metaverse icon and go to Path of Qimranut Area 1.
I should tap the Metaverse icon, select Path of Qimranut, and go to Area 1.
I should try sprucing up my room by putting my capsule prizes on my display shelves.
I spotted Namie Komatsu in front of Kokatsu Academy. Let's get running... when I'm ready.
I suddenly feel like visiting the caf\xe9 in Yongen-Jaya.
I suspect the orange tabby is being mistreated. I knocked, but there was no answer.\nNeko Takahashi seems to be close with the owner of the secondhand shop.\nI should try asking him...
I talked to Lufel in the classroom to decide if we should go to Mementos.
I think I'm getting the hang of this. Let's play Wake Up Your Hero on any difficulty.
I thought I heard something just now... Anyways, I need to get home soon.
I told Yuta Sato to practice at home so he doesn't forget what he learned.\nI might see him again in Zoshigaya.
I took a photo. Let's show it to Namie and Momoko.
I was able to acquire some information discreetly, and now I should discuss it with everyone.
I was able to avoid the downpour thanks to Riko.\nWe exchanged greetings and then Riko left. Then Motoha remembered there's a morning meeting in the gymnasium today.
I was attacked by murderous Shadows.\nIs there any way to make it out of this alive?
I was called back to the Velvet Room. What do they have to tell me this time?
I wonder how Minami's doing? I should see if she's ready to talk to her father like we discussed.
I wonder how Minami's getting on. If I have the time, I should go check up on her again.
I wonder how Minami's getting on. If I have the time, I should go see how she's doing.
I wonder what this "Companio" place that Marthym talked about is like.
I wonder who that muscular guy is talking to...\nI should ask him and find out.
I'd better find a good hiding spot so I can watch Shishida and Yamaguchi.
I'd better follow after the orange tabby.
I'd better keep following after the orange tabby.
I'd better pay attention in class and give good answers.
I'll ask the girl if she needs anything else.
I'll challenge the Pursuit of Honor to gain materials and Phantom Idol EXP Credits.
I'll chat with the band club members. Everybody's feeling pumped for the competition.
I'll chat with the others and hear their thoughts about the new song.
I'll check out the movie theater and listen to Marthym's explanation.
I'll check out the shoe store with Namie Komatsu.
I'll enjoy an evening out with Namie Komatsu at the diner.
I'll follow Motoha.
I'll get on the train and go to school.
I'll get on the train at Zoshigaya and go to school.
I'll go grab some curry with Kurosawa on the way home.
I'll go shopping with Namie Komatsu around town.
I'll go to Hinokuniya Bookstore to see if I can find the business expert Mr. Smart.
I'll go to Shibuya Station Square.
I'll go to Victory Kitchen in Shinjuku with Motoha.
I'll go to Yongen-Jaya and find a crafting bench to create a grappling hook.
I'll go to Zoshigaya and find out about Heritage Kitchen.
I'll go to the Batting Cages in Yongen-Jaya with Motoha.
I'll go to the outdoor caf\xe9 with Kazuhiko Tsuda and we can analyze the clues.
I'll have a look at the gallery and Marthym will explain what it does.
I'll head over to the Buchiko Statue at Shibuya Station Square with Bella.
I'll head over to the vending machine and listen to Marthym explain what it does.
I'll head to Heritage Kitchen in Zoshigaya and look for Motoha.
I'll head to Taiheido Bookstore in Shibuya and help find a business book.
I'll head to the school grounds and practice with the soccer team.
I'll join the band club and start practicing with them.
I'll leave Shinjuku and go check on Shishida again.
I'll listen to Yuta Sato's talk about drinking with his boss at karaoke.
I'll log in to Harvest World Online.
I'll meet everyone on the roof so we can discuss Ms. Katayama.
I'll meet my teammates on the roof to discuss what to do.
I'll meet up with everyone at Shibuya Station square, and we can prepare to head into the Metaverse.
I'll meet up with everyone at the diner to discuss the Treasure.
I'll see if there's a job for Shishida at the fishing pond.
I'll take a break in the Safe Room.
I'll take a stroll around Shinjuku's Red-light District with Bella.
I'll talk to Lufel at Station Square.
I'll talk to Shimizu about his new idea.
I'll talk with Motoha on the platform for the Inogami Line.
I'll tell Shishida the truth.
I'll use the grappling hook to get where I need to go.
I'll wait until evening to infiltrate Sato's workplace and find evidence.
I'm a little concerned about one of the kids. I should probably keep an eye on him just in case...
I'm curious about what happened to Kano.\nLet's quickly enter Victory Kitchen and check it out.
I'm curious how Tomoko is doing.\nI'll go visit her.
I'm curious to know how Riko-senpai solved that problem.\nI should look for her... Better leave the classroom first.
I'm feeling uneasy for some reason, like something might've happened...\nI guess I should go to school.
I'm getting a phone call. I should see who it is.
I'm getting a phone call.\nI should see who it is.
I'm going all out! Time for Water Gun Fun!
I'm going to eat at the Shibuya burger shop with Namie.
I'm going to look for Shun and Motoha at Shibuya Station Square. Afterwards, we'll go to Mementos together.
I'm in Yongen-Jaya. Time to look for that clinic.
I'm investigating spots hit by the hungry haunter with Kazuhiko Tsuda.
I've arrived at Yongen-Jaya. Next, let's find the cat shelter.
I've bought the super rich green tea. Now let's give it to Shimizu.
I've collected all of the chips, so I should return to the core monitoring room.
I've entered a mysterious space... What is this place?
I've entered the Velvet Room once again. I wonder what they'll have to tell me this time...
I've entered the Velvet Room once again. What could be the meaning behind Igor's words?
I've figured out the crafting bench situation. I can take the Inogami Line to get home.
I've finally found all of the treasures. Time to head back to the orange tabby.
I've found all of the treasures. Time to head back to the orange tabby.
I've found three customers, so that should be enough. Let's head back to Kageyama's caf\xe9.
I've got a bad feeling about what's ahead.\nLet's take a rest before continuing.
I've got the book. Better deliver it to Tetsunojo Shishida.
I've gotten to know Chizuko Nagao, the liquor-loving lady. She's concerned about her granddaughter's recovery.
I've talked to my team and we're heading to Mementos.\nFirst, let's meet up in Shibuya.
If I'm not busy, I should go and chat with Fumiyo Tosabayashi in Shinjuku.
If our preparations are complete, we can start searching for the Palace.
If we guide the robot to the charging station, we can unlock the door.
In Zoshigaya, there's a man talking to the orange tabby. I wonder what they're talking about...
In a corner of the school, Akashi is talking to someone...
In a room somewhere, an unknown man gave Akashi a phone call...
In my dreams, I entered the Velvet Room again...
In order to earn the team's trust, I'll have to take on Kadota's penalty kick challenge.
In order to find a new Palace, we need to continue our exploration a bit deeper.
In order to fix the problem in the next room, we're going to need to collect all the control manuals.
In order to get away from Miyazawa, we had no choice but to make an emergency escape into the Palace.
In order to get to the generator room, we need to figure out the influences of the three other rooms.
In order to materialize Kiuchi's Treasure, we need to send out a calling card.
In order to resolve the crisis Yuta Sato is facing, we decided to ask workplace specialist Daisato-san for help.
In the hallway at the TV station, Miyazawa is talking to someone on the phone.
In this labyrinth of illusions, finding the path to the exit will not be easy. We can use the floating platforms to make our escape!
Inokashira Park is having a special open park event. Cute capybaras? Say no more. I should check it out if I have some time.
Investigate in front of the large display.
It appears there's a device that controls the converstion of electric power.\nWe should be able to drain or transfer energy with it.
It looks like Hiyori Koide wants to talk to me.
It looks like Ms. Katayama is near the school gate.\nI should hurry over and see her.
It looks like Shichi-kun is doing well and has gone back to work.
It looks like something happened at the Companio. Marthym must know what's going on.
It looks like the lady that Anderson met left something behind. I should head to Central Street in Shibuya and return it to her.
It looks like there are some capsule machines on Central Street in Shibuya. Should I give them a try?
It seems Shun has a dish he wants to try. I should go to the ramen shop in Ogikubo with him.
It seems Shun wants to talk about something. I should go to the school rooftop.
It seems Tomoko went to work at the cr\xeape shop, but she forgot her phone.\nI should find her and return it to her.
It seems if we wanna leave from here, our only choice is to enter this castle...
It seems like Kiuchi is back to normal...\nDid anything change?
It seems like Lufel has something to discuss. It's probably about the calling card.
It seems like the lady was being pressured by her boss to scam Anderson. I should wait for her to leave her office, and help her out.
It seems like this conversion system switches between two devices, but how exactly do we use it?
It seems someone is having trouble in the Yongen-Jaya supermarket.\nI should go take a look.
It seems someone is putting on a puppet show in Shinjuku.\nShould I go and check it out?
It seems that Ms. Katayama's treasure is in the direction Lufel pointed.\nLet's head that way and try to find where it is.
It seems that Shimizu, the cameraman in Shinjuku, is struggling with something. I should see what the matter is.
It seems that there are other places where the orange tabby's treasures are hidden.\nI should ask the orange tabby about this.
It seems the source of the strange waves lies deep within Path Of Qimranut Area 2.\nLet's go and find it.
It seems we can't explore inside Miyazawa's Palace right now.\nFor now, let's go back to Shibuya.
It seems we've resolved the Kiuchi situation.\nLet's go to Shimo-Kitazawa.
It seems we've resolved the Kiuchi situation.\nWe'll take the train to Shinjuku and see if we can find some delicious food to celebrate.
It started raining out of nowhere, but Riko helped me out...
It suddenly started raining, interfering with our interview plans. There's not much we can do about it, so let's head to the underground mall.
It turns out the orange tabby was injured, but Neko Takahashi has been taking care of him the whole time. She promised to take him back to Zoshigaya tomorrow.\nIf I wait until tomorrow, the orange tabby should have returned by then.
It was a long day.\nTime to rest.
It was a rough day, but it was worth it.\nI'll just head home and get some rest.
It was an exhausting day.\nI should rest.
It's a new day. Time for school.
It's a new day.\nI'll take the train and go to school.
It's a new day.\nTime for school.
It's a pretty specialized airsoft shop.\nThe owner seems a bit scary.
It's about time to go. Meet up with Motoha at the fireworks launch site
It's almost time for afternoon classes. We need to get out of Miyazawa's Palace fast and return to Shibuya.
It's been a day since the incident. That call must be from Kageyama. Let's talk to her about yesterday.
It's been a rough day.\nI feel like heading to bed early so I can forget all about it.
It's been a while since the lady said that she would cancel Anderson's contract.\nI should head to Shibuya and ask Anderson about what happened with her and the contract.
It's been an exhausting day. Time to head home.
It's been an exhausting day.\nI should head to my room and get some sleep.
It's been an exhausting day.\nTime to head home.
It's been another tiring day.\nI should head home and get some rest.
It's been some time since I last saw Namie Komatsu.
It's finally time for PE class.\nLet's get some exercise.
It's getting late. I should go home.
It's late already, so I should head home first.
It's late already. Better hurry and get home.
It's late. I'd better go home and rest.
It's late. I'd better head home and rest.
It's late. Time for bed.
It's late.\nTime to go home.
It's lunchtime, so I'll head to the school store.
It's our soccer team's first victory in a long time. Let's celebrate with the rest of the team!
It's raining in Zoshigaya. Yuta Sato is standing alone in the downpour. Did he get into trouble again?
It's still too early. Should I do something to pass the time, or go home and rest?
It's the end of a long day.\nTime to go home.
It's time for soccer practice.\nI should look for Kurosawa if I'm going to take part.
It's time to finish this.\nLet's head to the center field at the Baseball Stadium!
It's time to finish this.\nLet's head to the field at the Baseball Stadium!
It's time to go.\nBetter get to school.
Joker suddenly appeared, and took out the enemies in one fell swoop.
Just as we discussed, Minami says she's ready to speak with her father. Let's head to her family's shop.
Kageyama decided to start her fieldwork from a coffee chain in the downtown area. I should go with her.
Kageyama seems to have reached a satisfactory conclusion, and expressed her gratitude for my help.
Kageyama seems to have reached a satisfactory conclusion, and expressed her gratitude for my help.\nShe said she'd treat me to a coffee back in Shinjuku.
Katayama's Palace doesn't seem to be a school.\nWe found some kind of massive building...
Katayama's Palace seems to be nearby.\nLet's look for an entrance.
Kiuchi got the calling card.\nLet's have a meeting at Station Square.
Knowledge is power.\nI can get some studying done at the diner.
Kurosawa suggested that we grab some curry together, so let's go with him.
Let's buy toilet paper from the drugstore.
Let's carefully explore Kiuchi's Palace to ensure the plan goes off without a hitch.
Let's check on Tanzo's yakitori stand.
Let's check out the Water Gun Fight stall.
Let's check out the main gate of the Baseball Stadium.
Let's check the next customer's address and deliver the order.
Let's continue exploring to the depths of the Path of Qimranut.
Let's defeat Miyazawa's Shadow.
Let's defeat the Shadow before us.
Let's defeat the Shadow to open the way forward.
Let's do a thorough search of Miyazawa's Palace.
Let's do the challenge. I'll get a puzzle sheet from the event staff.
Let's enter Kiuchi's Palace through the duct.
Let's enter the Metro of Desire and take on new challenges.
Let's evade enemies in style, grab the treasure, and make it to the exit before time runs out.
Let's explore Mementos to find the entrance to Miyazawa's Palace.
Let's explore deeper and find more secrets.
Let's explore the depths of the Path of Aiyatsbus.
Let's find out how to get to the second floor and turn off the lights.
Let's find somebody to interview.
Let's find that chip, and open this brain-like device.
Let's find where the target is hiding.
Let's get out of here fast.
Let's get ready to head into Mementos and meet up in Shibuya Station Square.
Let's go deeper into Mementos.
Let's go find the place where Lufel felt that change.
Let's go inside Heritage Kitchen and see what kind of place Kano's shop is.
Let's go into the bar and wait for the customer.
Let's go to Omotesando and find a fitting interviewee.
Let's go to the Path of Qimranut Area 1 and investigate this abnormal surge.
Let's go to the Path of Qimranut Area 2 and search for the source of the strange waves.
Let's go to the Safe Room and reorganize.
Let's go to the bench in east Shinjuku. The business expert Mr. Smart offered to give Yuta Sato and me another lecture.
Let's go to the caf\xe9 that Riko mentioned and discuss our future plans.
Let's go to the control room and close off the water supply.
Let's go to the curry shop with Kurosawa to celebrate our victory.
Let's go to the generator room and solve the last problem.
Let's go to the yakitori stand and interview the owner.
Let's go up to the rooftop and discuss our plan of action.
Let's guide the robot to the charging device.
Let's have a discussion to ensure the plan goes smoothly.
Let's head to Shimo-Kitazawa Station with Ritsuka.
Let's head to the Path Of Aiyatsbus Area 1.
Let's head to the Shinjuku apartment. The customer said to call ahead.
Let's head to the area where the password door was located.
Let's head to the shaved ice shop and get some delicious shaved ice.
Let's hurry to Victory Kitchen.
Let's just enjoy a fun-filled day at the beach.\n<color=#FF423F>Mission will automatically complete after %s, so please wait a moment.</color>
Let's keep exploring inside the Palace and see if we can find any other clues.
Let's lead the robot ahead and open that locked door.
Let's listen to Namie Komatsu talk about running.
Let's look for the third projector and turn the chain back to normal.
Let's meet up on the rooftop to discuss Riko-senpai.
Let's meet up on the rooftop to talk.
Let's open Nightmare's Gateway and drive away the nightmares attacking the Companio.
Let's place the chips and activate the device.
Let's reach the end goal with Namie Komatsu.
Let's return to Shibuya.
Let's run with Namie Komatsu.
Let's run with Namie Komatsu. It'd be nice if I could keep up this time.
Let's search the inside of Miyazawa's Palace and find out where the Treasure is kept.
Let's shut down the device and disable its effect on this area.
Let's take the elevator to the control room.
Let's take the robot to the energy transfer.
Let's talk to Haruna near the diner in Shibuya.
Let's talk to Shota near the diner in Shibuya.
Let's use the device to stop the steam.\nBut I should be careful since both reticles must be on target.
Let's watch Namie Komatsu and Momoko Sakurai's race at the Kokatsu Academy school grounds.
Let's watch Namie Komatsu and Momoko Sakurai's race tomorrow.
Let's watch the confrontation between Shishida and Yu Yamaguchi tomorrow evening.
Lets head to the entrance of the dam and check what's changed about the Palace.
Look for Tetsunojo Shishida near Hinokuniya Bookstore.
Looks like Anderson and the lady are going on a date.\nI'd better head to Zoshigaya and see how their date goes.
Looks like Lufel has something he wants to discuss.\nI should find him near the statue of the loyal dog in Shibuya.
Looks like Lufel has something he wants to discuss.\nI should go to Shibuya and talk with him.
Looks like Lufel has something he wants to discuss.\nI should head to the roof.
Looks like Motoha has something she wants to discuss. I should go and talk with her.
Looks like Motoha wants to talk about something... I should go and meet her in classroom 2-C.
Looks like Motoha wants to talk about something...\nI should go and meet her in classroom 2-C.
Looks like Riko-senpai has something she wants to discuss. I should find her near the Buchiko Statue in Shibuya.
Looks like Shimizu needs to make an update to the show, and wants to discuss it with me.
Looks like the door is locked from the inside. Guess we'll have to break the glass.
Looks like the door is locked from the inside.\nGuess we'll have to break the glass.
Looks like the enemy ahead will be a bit tougher than most.\nWe should prepare ourselves before fighting it.
Looks like there's some sort of event at school. I should check if something's written on the bulletin board.
Looks like there's something special on the second floor. I should go and look.
Lufel advised us not to use the Metaverse Navigator outside of designated areas.\nWe'll have to be more careful from now on.\nFor now, let's return to Shibuya.
Lufel and I will infiltrate Kiuchi's Palace.\nWe'd better proceed with caution from here on.
Lufel and I will investigate Kiuchi's Palace together.
Lufel found a safe room. I should check it out.
Lufel has gathered everyone on the rooftop. What's going on?
Lufel has identified Miyazawa as our next target, but says we need to confirm the location of his Palace first.
Lufel has something he wants to say.\nLet's find someplace that's not too crowded to talk.
Lufel noticed something while passing through Yongen-Jaya...
Lufel said the safe rooms should be completely secure.\nWe can take some time to get organized here.
Lufel sensed that the target is in this area. Let's find where they're hiding.
Lufel sensed that we're getting closer to our objective.\nFind out where Furukawa's Shadow is hiding.
Lufel sensed that we're getting closer to our objective.\nLet's find out where Shadow Takayama is hiding.
Lufel sensed the target on this floor.\nFind where the corrupt producer's Shadow is hiding.
Lufel wants to buy some supplies before we head into Mementos.\nWhen I'm ready, I should find him.
Lufel wants to talk about something.\nLet's go over by the Buchiko Statue.
Lunchtime is almost over.\nI should go back to the classroom.
Maybe I can catch Namie Komatsu at Inokashira Park.
Maybe I can offer a solution to Tomiyama.
Merope has opened up the Trials from the Sea of Souls.\nI should take on the challenge.
Merope showed up again. What's going to happen this time?
Merope showed up again.\nWhat's going to happen this time?
Merope wishes to propose a "special plan" to me.\nI should talk to her about it...
Minami has something that she wants to discuss. I'll wait for her to come back, then hear what's on her mind.
Minami is looking after the kids until their parents come home. I should check up on her again when I have some time.
Mission complete. Let's escape from the casino quickly.
Miyazawa challeged Kano to a Food Fight. How will he respond?\nLet's talk about it outside first.
Miyazawa challenged Kano to a Food Fight.\nI should ask Motoha what she thinks.
Miyazawa delivered a sincere public apology.\nHis heart has truly changed...
Miyazawa hasn't announced the livestream yet.\nLet's make sure we're prepared before then.
Miyazawa is filming a video at Victory Kitchen.
Miyazawa is on the big screen in Shibuya.\nWhat's he going to do?
Miyazawa is pressuring Yamagoshi into an unreasonable contract.\nIs there any way to stop him?
Miyazawa is talking to a mysterious person on the phone...
Miyazawa started a livestream from his smartphone. \nWhat's he planning to do?
Miyazawa was alone in the TV station hallway, and he seemed to be talking to someone on the phone.
Miyazawa wasn't able to succeed this time.\nWhat will he do next, though?
Momoko Sakurai is leaving Japan today. Namie and Momoko want to take a photo before she leaves.
Motoha and Tomoko are in Shibuya.
Motoha had an encounter with Kiuchi.
Motoha has joined the team.\nI'm tired from today, so I should head home and relax in my living room.
Motoha is in the library.\nI should look for her if I want to go to Mementos.
Motoha must be upset about Tomoko.\nI should go to the school rooftop and look for her.
Motoha said that Kiuchi is on the news.\nI'll have to watch it when I get home.
Motoha said there's a ramen place around here that's supposed to be amazing.\nLet's get dinner there.
Motoha said to meet her at Central Street in Shibuya.\nI'd better hurry up and find her.
Motoha sent me the address of the clinic.\nI'll go there after school.
Motoha suspects Kano has gone after Miyazawa.\nWe need to stop him before he does anything reckless.
Motoha talked to the police, but their response wasn't helpful...
Motoha used the Metaverse Navigator while we were on the train.\nHopefully that isn't a problem...
Motoha used the mysterious app, and then...
Motoha was called by Ms. Katayama. I guess I have to look for Kano by myself.
Motoha was captured.\nWe need to hurry and help her.
Motoha will show me how to swing the bat.
Ms. Katayama didn't show up for her class, and we've got Mr. Hakozaki instead.\nDid something happen?
Ms. Katayama is finally back.\nLooks like everything is settled now.
Ms. Katayama seems a bit odd today.\nDoes this have something to do with the newly-arrived Mr. Akashi?
Ms. Katayama stopped me in the hallway. What does she want to talk about?
Ms. Katayama was suspended. I'll meet up with my teammates on the roof to discuss what happened.
My hidden potential has been increased, and I can take on new challenges.
My phone's ringing. I wonder who it is.
NPC Tracking: Empty Mission
Namie Komatsu wants to go the gourmet supermarket together.
Neko Takahashi did not go out at the scheduled time, but she does have a habit of ordering flowers.\nShe'll probably go out to pick them up.\nI might have a chance to talk to her if I pick up her order from the florist and act as a delivery person.
Neko Takahashi promised to return the orange tabby to Zoshigaya.\nA day has passed, so I should go back to Zoshigaya and check on them.
Neko Takahashi said she would induct me into the "NK Church"...\nI have no idea what this means, but I'll go along with it for now.
Next, let's deliver to the bathhouse in Yongen-Jaya.
Next, let's deliver to the gym in Shibuya.
Next, let's deliver to the shop in Shinjuku.
Now that I understand the mission, I've decided to enter Mementos.
Now that Riko-senpai is an official member of the team, I should go check out the Memorial Plaza in Katayama's Palace.
Now that all the lights are off, let's head back to the control room and use the computer.
Now that things have subsided in the Metaverse, let's return to Shirosato Beach.
Now that we're all together, let's get to work.
Now that we're heading inside the dam again, we don't know just how strong of an effect Ms. Katayama's changes will have.\nLet's proceed with caution.
Now's our chance. Let's score the penalty kick and win the game!
On the streets of Shibuya, Kotone seems to be troubled about something...\nShould I talk to her?
On the way to Shibuya, I had the sensation of being watched.
Once again, I met with Igor.\nWhat will happen?
Once again, I woke up in my room.
Once the app was activated, we all appeared in front of this strange castle. What could this mean?
One of my classmates might be around the flower shop in the Shibuya underground mall.\nI should stop by when I have time...
Only one robot to go. Let's do this.
Our exploration of the Palace is finished for now. Let's go back to Shibuya.
Our tense practice match against Nanjo Academy is underway. So far, Kurosawa's strategy seems to be going as planned...
Passerby are talking about the Shibuya investigation
Persona fusion opens up even greater power.\nBut will our enemies become stronger as well?
Powerful enemies are lurking in the depths of the dungeon. The Phantom Thieves are ready to assemble, and we'll fight to seize victory.
Prologue - Go home
Prologue - Naming Mission prerequisite
Prologue - Return to Shibuya
Receive the mission to obtain 10 copies of "The Chivalrous J\xe1no\u0161\xedk." Upon mission completion, 10 copies of "The Chivalrous J\xe1no\u0161\xedk" will be removed.
Ren Ito is waiting for their order.
Rhythm Game: Clear "Wake Up Your Hero"
Riko and Ms. Katayama were talking about something...
Riko is somewhere around the Imported Grocery.\nWe should go look for her.
Riko wants to gather information on Akashi. We can help divert his attention.
Riko-senpai should be in Shinjuku now. I should go look for her.
Riko-senpai was discussing something with the student council members in the AV room.
Rumor has it that the tabby's meows have been heard coming from an old apartment in Yongen-Jaya.\nI don't have any other leads so far, so I might as well go and investigate.
Sato is having his performance review with his boss and two coworkers. Hopefully it goes well...
Sato is nervous about reporting to his boss.\nI'll act as his boss so he can practice.
Sato lost his phone in Zoshigaya.\nHe needs the phone to contact his boss and give work updates. I'll look for it.
Sato's performance review should be done now. I'll go look for him at his workplace.
School is over, so I should go home and rest.
Seeing Akashi's past helps to understand why he's been doing all these things, but it's still no excuse for the harm he caused.\nLet's keep searching deeper and see what else we can find.
Seems like I'm getting a call. I should pull out my phone and see who it is.
Seems like there's a few steps involved in getting this door open.
Seems like there's an issue with the main exhaust fan. Let's check it out.
Send a new photo to Shibuya's Shichi-kun
Shadow Oya disappeared. Hiyori Koide doesn't need to worry anymore.\nLet's return to Shibuya.
Shadow Oya has become completely distorted. Let's change his heart.
Shadow Oya is here. Let's change his heart.
Shadow Oya seems remorseful.
Shadow Takayama has been warped and corrupted to this degree.\nLet's make him pay for what he's done.
Shadow Yamazaki has become completely distorted. He must be defeated.
Shadow Yamazaki is here. Let's change his heart.
Shadow Yamazaki's heart has been changed. Let's make sure he really disappeared.
Shadows are gathering.\nFirst, let's get back to the central studio area.
Shadows are gathering.\nLet's get out of the Palace for now.
Shibuya's Shichi-kun invited you to a new event
Shibuya's mascot, Shichi-kun, seems to be worried about something. If I've got time, I should ask if he needs help.
Shichi-kun hasn't had to silently take any more beatings after Shadow Yamazaki disappeared.\nLet's go back to Shibuya and check on Shichi-kun.
Shichi-kun is attracting tourists
Shichi-kun is keeping quiet despite getting badly bullied. He even asked me to keep it a secret. Why doesn't he say anything? It looks like the bully dropped something. Maybe I should pick it up.
Shichi-kun won't talk. Something is definitely off...\nI should ask the nearby shop staff about Shichi-kun.
Shichi-kun's lips are sealed. Let's go to the store in Shibuya to see what's going on.
Shimizu asked me to model for his photos. I should go see him on a clear day.
Shimizu has gone home to edit and upload the video. Let's wait until tomorrow and see what the viewers think.
Shimizu said he's going home to edit and upload the video.\nLet's see how the show's received tomorrow.
Shimizu said that he would reward me tomorrow for accompanying him on his photoshoot. Guess I'll wait until then.
Shimizu seems pretty upset. I should go buy some super rich green tea from a vending machine for him.
Shimizu thinks that there might be some customers wearing interesting rain gear at the flower shop.\nLet's head over there and see what we find.
Shimizu wasn't satisfied with that shoot either. Let's head to the next spot.
Shimizu wasn't satisfied with the shoot at the first place, so let's head to the next photo spot.
Shimizu's gone to speak to the person who was standing in the shot. I'd better follow him.
Shota and I reached the end of the puzzle.\nA girl is waiting for us.
Shota introduced me to his mother.
Should we fight this enemy head-on, or try to control its thoughts?
Since Akashi's heart has been changed, Ms. Katayama and Riko should have had their names cleared...
Since the plan is progressing smoothly, let's meet Riko-senpai at the caf\xe9 in Kichijoji.
So much has happened...\nFor now, I'd better return to Zoshigaya.
Soccer Clear I
Some drunk guy tried to give me trouble, but that lady from before came to my rescue. I'm grateful for Chizuko's help, and chat with her in a bar.
Some unknown treasure is locked away inside this bank. We must find it if we wish to escape.
Somehow Motoha got into the Palace, and the Shadows found her.\nWhat's going to happen to her now...?
Somehow, Riko awakened her own Persona...
Someone is waiting at the bar. No way, it couldn't be...
Someone lost their good-luck charm. The boy has deduced that it should be around the vending machine. Let's hurry and find it.
Someone strange showed up on the train. Who on earth was that?
Something dangerous seems to be inside the Palace.\nLet's stay vigilant.
Something is bothering Haruna's friend, Shota Ito. He spends all his time at cram school.\nMaybe I'll see him around...
Something odd has appeared in Mementos.\nIt might be the key to opening the path forward.
Something seems to have changed in Mementos.\nI should go investigate.
Something seems to have happened with Ms. Katayama. I wonder if we'll see her tomorrow?
Something strange is happening up ahead.\nWe should go check it out.
Something's happening at the Station Square.\nI should go see what it is.
Something's having an effect on Shirosato Beach. We need to investigate.
Sounds like Lufel has a new plan.\nI should listen to what he has to say.
Sounds like Shimizu has come up with a new idea. He wants to discuss it with me.
Stand in front of Shichi-kun and select him
Stand in front of Shichi-kun and select him and the protagonist
Stay hidden
Still no sign of Kurosawa. I should head back to the courtyard and see if I can find him.
Summer memories and the beach \u2014 always a perfect combination. Let's go to Shirosato Beach!
Super sleuth elementary schooler Kazuhiko Tsuda is pondering something in front of the Yongen-Jaya laundromat. I should talk to him if I have time.
Surrounded by the comforts of jazz and cocktails, Harris tells me about himself...
Takayama had a change of heart. We should go and observe his next moves.
Take a landscape photo in Shibuya
Take a photo anywhere
Take a selfie in Shibuya
Talk to Hiyori Koide
Talking to the cognitive mechanic might provide some clues.
Talking to the cognitive operator might provide some clues.
Tanzo finished preparing the order. I'll pick it up from the stand.
Tanzo forgot to write the customer's name and number. I should call him.
Tanzo has gotten more delivery orders and wants my help.
Tanzo is being friendly with his customers. It looks like they're enjoying themselves.
Tanzo is preparing the yakitori set. Let's wait for now.
Tanzo looks troubled. I'll ask if I can help with anything.
Tanzo wants to start making deliveries. Let's take pictures of the food and the yakitori stand.
Tap the Smartphone icon to the left of the Mini Map, select Phantom Thieves, and choose a thief to level up.
Tetsunojo Shishida is contemplating something in front of Hinokuniya Bookstore in Shinjuku. I'll go check on him if I have time...
That Shadow seems to know about the situation "over there." If we help him, he might give us some information.
That settles that.\nTime to lay low and return to everyday life.
That truly was an amazing fireworks festival. Let's talk to everybody and see what they thought.
That was a strange dream, but no time to worry about it. Time for school.
That was such a strange dream...\nAnyway, it's time to leave school.
That's enough running for today. It was tiring, but fun. Time to say goodbye.
That's enough running for today. Time to say goodbye.
That's it for today. Let's come back tomorrow.
The Companio looks to be a normal place at first glance. What could be so special about it...? Marthym can probably answer that question.
The Kind Old Man
The Metro of Desire is open, and new challenges await.
The Shadow is defeated. Let's return to Hiyori Koide.
The Shadow we defeated before has come back.\nAll we can do is defeat it again.
The Shadows of Miyu's parents have distorted beyond recognition.\nLet's make them repent for their actions.
The Treasure we stole from Kiuchi's Palace seems to have changed...
The Velvet Room has appeared again.\nDo they have new information to give me?
The Vice Principal and Riko introduced Akashi.
The Vice Principal is super angry today, and it seems to be directed at Ms. Katayama in particular.
The academic coordinator is talking to Akashi about something, and they both seem a little nervous...
The airsoft shop owner seems like a good guy.\nI'll probably come back again, but for now, I should head out.
The barista I met in Shinjuku opened up a new caf\xe9 in Kichijoji. I should check it out if I have time.
The birthday party should be over. I'll go to Shinjuku to check on how Yuta Sato is doing.
The bottled water spilled and my clothes are now drenched.\nI should go to the woman's store to dry them off...
The business expert told us to head toward the bench at Buchiko Statue.
The cat disappeared. I have to find it.
The ceremony is over, but Takahashi looks like she still has something she wants to say...
The chip on the ground might be useful as we continue our exploration.
The clinic isn't far from the secondhand shop.\nI should look around the area.
The corrupt producer's Shadow has become completely distorted.\nLet's make him atone for his deeds.
The corrupt producer's change of heart was a success.\nLet's observe his next move.
The customer canceled their order. Let's take the food back to Tanzo.
The customer is in Yongen-Jaya. Let's go deliver the order.
The customer is walking around Yongen-Jaya. Let's find them.
The customer that canceled their order came. Let's talk to them.
The customers love Kageyama's coffee concept and want to take a photo in her caf\xe9. Let's take their photo for them.
The doctor will hand over some medicine, but she has a few basic questions first.
The door to a new area has opened.\nShould we check it out, or head back to Shibuya?
The door to the castle keep should be open now. Let's settle the score with Miyazawa.
The door up ahead should lead to another area. Let's proceed with caution.
The drugstore at Shibuya Central Street should sell saline solution.
The elevator is broken, so we have no choice but to jump down the shaft.
The enemy was defeated, but the danger isn't over yet.
The exit is just ahead.\nLet's hurry and get out of here.
The first chain turned into a lighter.\nWe can figure out why later. For now, let's look for the next chain.
The florist put their heart and soul into this bouquet.\nNow all I have to do is deliver it to Neko Takahashi.\nThis bouquet will never wither, no matter how long it's carried around.
The fundraising girl also arrived at the Yongen-Jaya cat shelter.
The girl at the front of the school looks lost...\nLet's see if she needs help.
The girl behind the cr\xeape shop counter seems like she'd make the perfect interviewee.
The girls are talking about running. Momoko Sakurai wants to race against Namie Komatsu.
The green pedal seems to be able to open the door. Let's give it a try.
The jewelry store robbery has been solved. Let's go back to the station square.
The job at the fishing pond is a good fit for Shishida. I should go tell him the good news.
The job of an idol producer is to take everyone's dreams and make them into reality. Instead, they were stolen to satisfy the selfish desires of another.\nFor the sake of those girls, and for our favorite idol, let's punish that corrupt producer!
The lady promised that she would cancel Anderson's contract. I should check up on Anderson later on.
The last chip is right before our eyes.\nLet's hurry up and grab it!
The light from the mind interference device is blocking the way ahead.\nThere must be some way to turn it off.
The lights are out. We can move forward now.
The lone foreigner stopped at a fried food shop. Maybe he can use some help...
The lower path is blocked by steam.\nThere must be a device that can redirect it.
The man at Yoyogi Park is waiting for a toilet paper savior. I better hurry and buy him some...
The man in the public bathroom needs toilet paper...
The man offered to take me to the conveyer belt sushi restaurant in Kichijoji tonight as thanks.
The members of the band club are having a heated discussion outside the band room on the 3rd floor of Kokatsu Academy. I should go see what they're talking about.
The mysterious woman has appeared again, and it seems like she wants me to use this strange machine next to her.
The neighborhood orange tabby has gone missing. Was this the act of some nefarious individual, or has the cat met some other unfortunate fate?\nLet's go to Zoshigaya and find out.
The orange tabby is walking along the ridge toward my garden. Could there be something special there? I better head home and take a look.
The passengers around me seem to be talking about something...
The path ahead is blocked by steam.\nThere must be another way to get to the Palace.
The path might be right under our noses, so search the area thoroughly.
The power of cognition is strong.\nThis ordinary model gun is as powerful as the real thing.
The power supply seems to be turned off now, so let's go check the core.
The predictions of that fortune teller in Shinjuku are really accurate. I should go and see her when I have time.
The projector plays events from the past...
The puzzle was unsolvable, but the diner gave me a stamp anyway.\nI'll go back to the tent.
The race is over. Let's get out of here.
The school soccer team is currently recruiting new members. Maybe I should go check it out.
The second chain turned into a bowl... \nLet's look for a projector and see if we can make it change back.
The second core is somewhere in the spaceport. Let's find it quickly so we can escape.
The sheet is filled with puzzles. It says the last one is at the diner.
The shop owner said he could provide us with weapons, but I don't know what exactly he means by that.
The snack party has everyone excited. Let's play Last Strike on any difficulty.
The song has been rewritten! Let's play Life Will Change on any difficulty.
The stealth mission failed.\nThe Palace ruler knows we're here...
The story will be continued...\nPlease look forward to the next installment.
The strange vortex ahead seems to lead somewhere else.\nI should investigate.
The street life of Zoshigaya seems really wonderful.
The time we agreed on is here, so I should go to the guidance office and meet with my friends.
The vice principal is introducing everyone to a new teacher.
There haven't been any updates on Ms. Katayama in a while. I'll go to Victory Kitchen and see if Masa knows anything.
There is a suspicious businessman in Zoshigaya.\nWhat could he be up to?
There seems to be a bit of a misunderstanding between Minami and her father... I should check in with her later on.
There seems to be a problem with the power.\nI wonder if there's a device somewhere we could use to control it.
There seems to be an intense argument going on inside a shop in Shinjuku. I wonder what the matter is... Maybe I should go take a look if I'm not busy.
There's a device that stores Akashi's memories in the control room.\nWe should investigate.
There's a friendly guide over in Kichijoji. If I have some free time, maybe I could go and ask her a bit about the place...
There's a girl performing at the Shibuya Station square.\nI should go have a look...
There's a girl putting on a puppet show on the streets of Shinjuku.\nI should talk to her.
There's a girl who performs at Shibuya's Central Street. She's so nervous, it seems like she forgot the words to her song. I should go cheer her on if I have time.
There's a girl with a ponytail playing with some younger kids out on the streets of Zoshigaya... Maybe I should check on them.
There's a lively lady standing near the Shinjuku street stands... Maybe I should go and talk to her.
There's a locked door blocking our path.\nWe'll need to find a robot that can get it open.
There's a long, narrow room shown on the map.\nMaybe there's something there. Let's check it out.
There's a lot of ground to cover in Shinjuku. Where can I find clues for "Shinjuku Strolls"?\nFrom what I can tell, I should start with the acupuncture clinic.
There's a muscular man in the back alley off Shibuya's Central Street who seems to be promoting the sports gym.\nMaybe I should go and talk to him.
There's a ramen shop called Victory Kitchen that's supposed to be pretty good.\nI wonder what it tastes like?
There's a rumor going around about a curious young boy at the Kokatsu Academy Library with an incomprehensible manner of speaking.\nShould I go and have a look?
There's a rumor that Shichi-kun knows about a lot of interesting places. I could probably get information from him.
There's a secondhand shop in Yongen-Jaya where I can buy a crafting bench.\nI should check it out.
There's a ton of drunk people out in Shinjuku... I need to hurry to the station and take the subway home.
There's a woman juggling on the backstreets of the Shibuya Shopping District.\nI should get a closer look...
There's an event going on at the station square.\nI should go check it out.
There's no doubt that Shota and Haruna still want to be friends.\nHaruna wants to give Shota a puzzle.
There's some kind of monitor here.\nLet's check it out.
There's some suspicious objects near the monitor.\nI'll need to investigate.
There's something I need to discuss with my team today.\nI should head to school early.
These bullies causing problems for Shichi-kun have gone too far.\nShibuya needs Shichi-kun. Let's help him out.
This Shadow seems to want to show us something. What could it be?
This doctor seems a bit languid.\nI should try talking to her.
This footage seems to be from Akashi's past...
This place doesn't look great.\nLet's clean up the boards and watch out for stray nails.
This pyramid, shrouded in a mystical aura, seems to have a treasure hidden inside. Let's explore the depths until we find it.
This robot has high-level clearance. We can use it to open locked doors.
This seems to be the shop Motoha told me about.\nI should go inside and find out what sort of place this is...
This suspicious Shadow seems pretty weak.\nLet's defeat it and move on.
This was after I talked to Riko-senpai on the school rooftop.
Time for a quick break in the safe room.
Time for school.\nBetter hurry up and go.
Time to do some night photography in Shinjuku. Let's head to Shimizu's first photo spot.
Time to go. I should head to school.
Time to go.\nHead to school.
Time to head to band club and practice with the others.
Time to leave the jazz club and say goodbye to Harris.
Time to settle this.\nOnce I'm ready, I'll send the calling card.
Time to show what I can do and make some refreshing shaved ice.
Time to tidy up the school grounds.
To ensure the success of the mission, let's infiltrate Miyazawa's Palace and scout the area.
To open the large door ahead, we need to cut the cable around the core.
To return the room to normal, we need to open the drain and close the water inlet at the same time.
Today was quiet. I'll go home and rest.
Tomiyama seems to have some worries about something and wants to talk to someone about them.\nI should go to Zoshigaya.
Tomoko has recovered from her injury.\nIt seems she has something she wants to talk about.\nI should meet her in the hallway on the second floor.
Tomoko was pushed by Kiuchi.
Tomorrow After School
Tomorrow is Sato's performance review...
Touching the Fog Door will open the path for us.
Tsuda will circle around from the front, and we'll corner this ghostly gourmet together!
Turn on the mind-controlled robot and shut off the lights.
Two customers started complaining outside Kageyama's store, but we managed to calm them down.\nKageyama said that she would handle the situation, so I'll leave it to her, and wait for her to contact me later.
Unfortunately what we shot at the flower shop doesn't quite fit the theme of "taking shelter from the rain."\nLet's head to the other entrance of the mall and see what else we can find.
Unlock mission at Level 20
Unlock mission at Level 40
Unlocking the Pursuit of Honor will allow me to obtain materials and Phantom Idol EXP Credits.
Using the mind control device could change how the Shadows think.
Walk around Shibuya
We arrived at Kichijoji.\nLet's get in touch with Riko-senpai.
We can control the robot to open the door.
We can convert energy with the device and open the locked doors.
We can cut the cable on the core to open the door.
We can discuss what to do next after we return to Shibuya.
We can get into the Palace through the ventilation shaft.
We can operate the giant fan from the control room upstairs. Let's head up there.
We can pull the lever to activate the first device.
We can pull the lever to activate the second device.
We can pull the lever to open the locked door.
We can turn off the lights and evade the Shadows' attacks.
We can use the computer to lower the workbench and get another chip.
We can use the control device to open the doors in the area.
We can use the device to change the flow of steam and open up the path.
We can use the device to open the control room doors.
We can use the energy device to open the door.
We can use the robot to turn off the light blocking our way.
We defeated Miyazawa and he returned to his original form.
We discussed the matter of desires in the car.
We don't have a full grasp of the palace yet.\nLet's keep exploring its interior.
We don't have any way to operate the power supply right now. There must be some way to get it running...
We ended up in this peculiar place again, but they're bound to show up here, too.
We finally found the robot. We can use it to open the door.
We found Miyazawa's Palace, but we can't go inside until we find some more clues.\nI'll go home for now and think things over.
We found the second projector.\nIf we watch what's on it, maybe the second chain will return to normal.
We found the third projector.\nIf we watch what's on it, maybe the third chain will return to normal.
We got away from that strange figure, so let's go back to Shibuya and discuss what to do.
We had a great meal today, so now let's think a bit more about what's going on with Ms. Katayama...
We have the chain now.\nIf we take it to a mechanic, we can repair the main exhaust fan.
We have to be close.\nFind out where the Shadows of Miyu's parents are hiding.
We led the robot to the charging device, but unfortunately it didn't have enough energy...
We made it inside the Palace. Let's continue searching for Ms. Katayama.
We made it to a new area, but something doesn't feel right...
We made it to the generator room, but the door is locked.\nThere must be a way to open it.
We managed to get some good material this time, linking umbrellas with traditional culture.\nLet's see how the show is received tomorrow.
We managed to infiltrate Akashi's palace.\nNow, let's see what we can find inside...
We met Ms. Katayama at the edge of the dam...
We need three chains to repair the main exhaust fan.\nLet's start looking for the first one.
We need to find 3 robots before we can turn off the lights.\nLet's go find the first robot.
We need to find a robot to activate the charging device.
We need to put a stop to Takeyuki Kiuchi as soon as we can.\nLet's enter that red vortex and head to Kiuchi's Palace.\nTap the Metaverse icon, select Kiuchi's Palace, and go to Baseball Stadium Main Entrance.
We need to set the energy to the correct direction.
We repaired the first chain.\nNext, let's find the second chain.
We repaired the second chain.\nLet's hurry and look for the third chain.
We should activate that disabled robot.
We should continue deeper into the dam and search for clues about the Palace.
We should go to the Path of Chemdah Area 1 and look for clues to the Palace.
We should head to the Path of Chemdah.
We should keep exploring Akashi's Palace.\nWe might be able to find more of his memories.
We should look around and see if we can find something.
We should open the iron gate to make a path for the robot.
We should see if there's another route besides the main entrance.
We should take a look at the computer in this room. Maybe we'll find something useful.
We solved the puzzle, and got the big door open.\nLet's keep going.
We still don't have a full grasp of Katayama's Palace.\nWe should keep exploring inside.
We successfully changed the hearts of Miyu's parents.\nLet's see what they do next.
We took down a tough enemy.\nTime for a quick break in the Safe Room.
We were able to get some powerful weaponry.\nThat much was a success, but we're running low on funds now...
We'll need to get past plenty of obstacles before we can take the Treasure.\nWe should proceed with caution.
We'll use the device to convert enegy, activate the elevator, and then head onwards.
We're exploring deeper into the depths of Mementos,\nbut the path ahead seems blocked.
We're getting close to the goal.\nBetter proceed carefully.
We're getting closer to the Treasure.\nLet's head further inside.
We've all returned to Shibuya. After a brief discussion, Riko said she had thought of a way to deliver the calling card.
We've already located the first robot, and we're off to a great start.\nLet's continue searching for the next one.
We've been unexpectedly pulled into a battle. Let's take down these enemies.
We've confirmed the target. Let's get ready, then head to Mementos.
We've ended up somewhere dangerous.\nI should find a way out with Lufel.
We've entered a new area.\nWill we be able to find some new leads here?
We've finished our preparations, so let's head into Mementos.
We've infiltrated the dam.\nNow let's search for the treasure.
We've opened up a new area.\nThis place seems to have some influence on the real world as well.\nFirst, let's look for clues.
We've sent the calling card.\nI wonder how Miyazawa will react...
We've solved the problems in two rooms already. Let's keep going and find out what's wrong with the last one.
We've somehow arrived in the Metaverse, but what exactly is going on?
Well, the first interview didn't go so great, but we can't throw in the towel that quickly. Let's find the next person to interview.
What could be in the book?\nLet's investigate Hinokuniya Bookstore in Shinjuku.
What could be on the coupon?\nLet's investigate the sushi restaurant in Kichijoji.
What could be on the receipt?\nLet's investigate the convenience store in Shibuya.
While passing through Shibuya, I remembered that today is Sato's performance review. I wonder how he's doing. I'll just have to wait and see.
Why did a projector appear in the Palace?\nWe need to investigate this.
Win the battle
With the power I've gained, I'll defeat the enemies before me.
Yamagoshi has recovered, and made a ton of great food for us.\nI'm totally satisfied.
Yamagoshi was taken away in an ambulance.\nRight now, we should talk with Kano.
Yuta Sato and I will go to the outdoor caf\xe9 in Kichijoji and look for the workplace specialist Daisato-san.
Yuta Sato asked me to pretend to be his boss so he could practice the art of buttering up. Time to churn up that flattery.
Yuta Sato called me in the middle of the birthday party. He wants me to tell him what he should do and say.
Yuta Sato is going to his boss's birthday party today. I should take his call.
Yuta Sato is once again standing nervously in the backstreets of Zoshigaya. Let's ask if something happened.
Yuta Sato is standing nervously in the backstreets of Zoshigaya.\nI should ask if he needs help.
Yuta Sato is telling me what he heard at the office...

=== name ===
A Businessman's Troubles
A Captivating Cup
A Film of You and I
A Gift for Bella
A Haunting at the Night Market
A Heartfelt Message: Part 1
AAAAAA==
Abnormal Surge
Accepted Special Pursuits: Event
Accepted Special Pursuits: Main Story
Accepted Special Pursuits: Side Mission
Accepted Special Pursuits: Tutorial
Attracting Customer 1
Attracting Customer 2
Attracting Customer 3
Awakening of Desire
Bank of Gluttony
Beach! Something Strange!?
Boys and Flowers
Break Open the Unknown
Cameraman Blues
Capsule Machine Fun
Castle in the Void
Chamber of Recollections
Children Aren't Parents' Toys
City Life Navigator
Destroy the Spaceport
Erosion by Nightmare
Error: tnxotb-[Quest_name_100037]
Error: tnxotb-[Quest_name_100038]
Error: tnxotb-[Quest_name_100039]
Error: tnxotb-[Quest_name_100040]
Error: tnxotb-[Quest_name_100041]
Error: tnxotb-[Quest_name_100042]
Error: tnxotb-[Quest_name_100043]
Error: tnxotb-[Quest_name_990026]
Error: tnxotb-[Quest_name_990027]
Error: tnxotb-[Quest_name_990028]
Error: tnxotb-[Quest_name_990029]
Error: tnxotb-[Quest_name_990030]
Error: tnxotb-[Quest_name_990031]
Error: tnxotb-[Quest_name_990032]
Error: tnxotb-[Quest_name_990033]
Error: tnxotb-[Quest_name_990034]
Error: tnxotb-[Quest_name_990036]
Error: tnxotb-[Quest_name_990037]
Error: tnxotb-[Quest_name_990040]
Error: tnxotb-[Quest_name_990041]
Error: tnxotb-[Quest_name_990042]
Error: tnxotb-[Quest_name_990043]
Error: tnxotb-[Quest_name_990044]
Error: tnxotb-[Quest_name_990045]
Error: tnxotb-[Quest_name_990046]
Error: tnxotb-[Quest_name_990047]
Error: tnxotb-[Quest_name_990048]
Error: tnxotb-[Quest_name_990049]
Error: tnxotb-[Quest_name_990050]
Error: tnxotb-[Quest_name_990051]
Error: tnxotb-[Quest_name_990052]
Error: tnxotb-[Quest_name_990053]
Error: tnxotb-[Quest_name_990055]
Error: tnxotb-[Quest_name_990056]
Error: tnxotb-[Quest_name_990057]
Error: tnxotb-[Quest_name_990058]
Error: tnxotb-[Quest_name_990059]
Error: tnxotb-[Quest_name_990060]
Error: tnxotb-[Quest_name_990061]
Error: tnxotb-[Quest_name_990062]
Error: tnxotb-[Quest_name_990063]
Error: tnxotb-[Quest_name_990064]
Error: tnxotb-[Quest_name_990065]
Error: tnxotb-[Quest_name_990066]
Error: tnxotb-[Quest_name_990067]
Error: tnxotb-[Quest_name_990068]
Error: tnxotb-[Quest_name_990069]
Error: tnxotb-[Quest_name_990070]
Error: tnxotb-[Quest_name_990071]
Error: tnxotb-[Quest_name_990072]
Error: tnxotb-[Quest_name_990073]
Error: tnxotb-[Quest_name_990074]
Error: tnxotb-[Quest_name_990075]
Error: tnxotb-[Quest_name_990076]
Error: tnxotb-[Quest_name_990077]
Error: tnxotb-[Quest_name_990078]
Error: tnxotb-[Quest_name_990080]
Error: tnxotb-[Quest_name_990083]
Error: tnxotb-[Quest_name_990084]
Error: tnxotb-[Quest_name_990085]
Error: tnxotb-[Quest_name_990086]
Error: tnxotb-[Quest_name_990087]
Error: tnxotb-[Quest_name_990088]
Error: tnxotb-[Quest_name_990089]
Error: tnxotb-[Quest_name_990090]
Error: tnxotb-[Quest_name_990091]
Error: tnxotb-[Quest_name_990092]
Error: tnxotb-[Quest_name_990093]
Error: tnxotb-[Quest_name_990094]
Error: tnxotb-[Quest_name_990095]
Error: tnxotb-[Quest_name_990096]
Error: tnxotb-[Quest_name_990097]
Error: tnxotb-[Quest_name_990101]
Error: tnxotb-[Quest_name_990102]
Error: tnxotb-[Quest_name_990103]
Error: tnxotb-[Quest_name_990104]
Error: tnxotb-[Quest_name_990105]
Error: tnxotb-[Quest_name_990106]
Error: tnxotb-[Quest_name_990107]
Error: tnxotb-[Quest_name_990108]
Error: tnxotb-[Quest_name_990109]
Error: tnxotb-[Quest_name_990110]
Error: tnxotb-[Quest_name_990111]
Error: tnxotb-[Quest_name_990112]
Error: tnxotb-[Quest_name_990113]
Error: tnxotb-[Quest_name_990114]
Error: tnxotb-[Quest_name_990115]
False Accusations
Foreign Exchange
Generations Apart
Girl's Wish
Haruna's Invitation
Hear Me Out
Hear the Cry of Muscles
Helpless Cat
Heroic Form
I Love You
In Search of Color
In a Rut
Intoxicating Deluxe Cocktail
Lend an Ear
Lighting Up the Summer Sky
Love and Muscles
Make the kind old man leave
Man Standing on a Cliff
Metro of Desire
Mission A
Mission B
Museum of Truth and Vanity
Mysterious Postcard: Part 1
Mysterious Postcard: Part 2
NPC Search
New Cat in Town
Night Wanderer
One Good Turn Deserves Another
Operation: Save My Fave
Outcome of Pride
Over Coffee
Part-Time Dreamer
Paw it Forward
Peaceful Days
Public Nuisance
Puzzle Solving Expedition!
Relativity's Labyrinth
Reset System
Reunion
Rhythm Game: Clear "Wake Up Your Hero"
Rocking with the Band Club 1
Rocking with the Band Club 2
Rocking with the Band Club 3
Rocking with the Band Club 4
Rocking with the Band Club 5
Run Like the Wind: Part 1
Run Like the Wind: Part 2
Run Like the Wind: Part 3
Running in Circles
Save the Cat!
Scorching Desert Journey
Sea of Souls
Secret Spot: Eel Shop
Secret Spot: International Restaurant
Secret Spot: Restaurant
Shaved Ice to Beat the Heat
Shichi-kun's Story
Shut up, Preacher!
Soccer Clear I
Special Report Crew: Part 1
Special Report Crew: Part 2
Special Report Crew: Part 3
Special Services
Special Treatment
Spend time with Shimizu 
Steel Your Heart
Story of Summer Youth
Summer! Water Gun Fight!
Swift Shadow
System Event Removal
Talk to Hiyori Koide
Test Conversation Mission
Test-Tutorial Mission
The Accurate Fortune Teller
The Art of Buttering Up
The Backstreet Yakitori Stand
The Beautiful Game: Part 1
The Beautiful Game: Part 2
The Beautiful Game: Part 3
The Beautiful Game: Part 4
The Beautiful Game: Part 5
The Boy of Legend
The Call of Nature
The Cameraman's Survival Guide
The Case of the Missing Charm
The Day the Pearl Flies
The Glutton's Last Course
The Golden Ring
The Heart of Rakugo
The Jewelry Store Robbery
The Joy of Fishing
The Mermaid Princess Dreams of the Prince
The Rules of Business Culture
The Tower's Collapse
The Will to Start Again I
The following is a test mission.
Thieves Den
Traces of Dreams
Treasure Spot (Shinjuku)
Treasure Spot (Yongen-Jaya)
Treasure Spot (Zoshigaya)
Treasure Tail: Shinjuku
Treasure Tail: Yongen-Jaya
Treasure Tail: Zoshigaya
Trembling Strings
Unconditional Love
Virtual Encounter
Warm Laughter and Cool Waves
XXXXXXXXXXXXXXX
Yakitori Delivery: Part 1
Yakitori Delivery: Part 2
Yakitori to Go

=== sn ===
10000
100000
100001
100002
100003
100004
100005
10001
10002
100020
100021
100022
100023
100024
100025
100026
100027
100028
10003
100030
100032
100033
100034
100035
100036
100037
100038
100039
10004
100040
100041
100042
100043
10005
100050
100051
10006
10007
10008
10009
10010
10011
10012
10013
10014
10015
10016
10019
10020
10021
10022
10023
10024
10025
10026
10027
10028
10029
10030
10031
10032
10033
10034
10035
10036
10037
10038
10039
10040
10041
10042
10043
10044
10045
10046
10047
10048
10049
10050
10051
10052
10053
10054
10055
10056
10057
10058
10059
10060
10061
10062
10063
10064
10065
10066
10067
10068
10069
10070
10071
10072
10073
10074
10075
10076
10080
10081
10082
10083
10084
10085
10086
10087
10088
10089
10090
10091
10092
10093
10094
10095
10097
10098
10099
10100
10101
10102
10103
10104
10105
10106
10107
10108
10109
10110
10111
10112
10113
10114
10115
10116
10117
10118
10119
10120
10121
10122
10123
10124
10125
10126
10127
10128
10129
10130
10131
10132
10133
10134
10135
10136
10137
10138
10139
10140
10141
10142
10143
10144
10145
10146
10147
10148
10149
10150
10151
10152
10153
10154
10155
10156
10157
10158
10159
10160
10161
10162
10163
10164
10165
10166
10167
10168
10169
10170
10171
10172
10173
10174
10175
10176
10177
10178
10179
10180
10181
10182
10183
10184
10185
10186
10189
10190
10210
10220
10230
10231
10233
10250
10251
10252
10253
10254
10255
10256
10257
10260
10261
10262
10263
10264
10265
10266
10267
10268
10269
10270
10271
10272
10280
10281
10282
10283
10284
10285
10286
10287
10288
10289
10290
10291
10292
10293
10294
10295
10296
10297
10298
10299
10301
10304
10305
10310
10320
10321
10322
10323
10330
10340
10349
10350
10351
10352
10353
10354
10355
10356
10357
10360
10370
10371
10372
10380
10390
10400
10401
10402
10410
10411
10412
10413
10414
10421
10422
10429
10430
10440
10441
10442
10445
10446
10447
10448
10450
10453
10454
10456
10458
10459
10460
10462
10465
10467
10468
10470
10471
10473
10474
10476
10479
10481
10484
10487
10493
10680
10681
10682
10683
10684
10685
10686
10687
10688
10689
10695
10696
10698
10699
10710
10711
10712
10713
10714
10715
10716
10717
10718
10719
10720
10721
10722
10723
10724
10725
10726
10727
10728
10729
10730
10731
10732
10733
10734
10735
10736
10737
10738
10739
10740
10741
10742
10743
10744
10745
10746
10747
10748
10750
10751
10752
10753
10754
10755
10756
10758
10759
10760
10761
10762
10763
10764
10765
10766
10767
10768
10769
10770
10771
10780
10781
10782
10783
10784
10785
10789
10790
10791
10792
10800
10820
10830
10832
10840
10841
10850
10860
10861
10880
10891
10892
10893
10894
10896
10897
10898
10899
10910
10911
10930
10952
10970
10980
10981
10990
10991
10992
10993
11000
11001
11003
11010
11020
11030
11031
11040
11050
11051
11053
11054
11055
11056
11057
11058
11059
11060
11061
11075
11080
11081
11085
11086
11087
11088
11089
11091
11092
11093
11110
11120
11125
11126
11130
11131
11132
11135
11140
11145
11155
11175
11181
11182
11300
11301
11305
11310
11315
11320
11325
11330
11335
11340
11341
11345
11350
11355
11360
11365
11370
11375
11380
11385
11390
11395
11400
11405
11410
11415
11420
11425
11430
11435
11436
11437
11438
11439
11440
11441
11442
11443
11445
11450
11460
11461
11462
11463
11465
11470
11475
11480
11485
11490
11491
11495
11500
11501
11502
11503
11504
11505
11510
11515
11540
11550
11555
11560
11565
11570
11575
11580
11585
11590
11595
11600
11605
11610
11615
11620
11625
11799
11800
11805
11810
11815
11820
11825
11830
11835
11840
11845
11850
11851
11855
11865
11870
11875
11876
11877
11880
11885
11886
11890
11891
11892
11895
11896
11897
11898
11899
11900
11901
11902
11903
11904
11905
11906
11907
11908
11909
11910
11911
11912
11913
11914
11915
11916
11917
120001
120002
120003
120004
120005
120006
120007
120008
120009
120010
120011
120012
120013
120014
120015
120016
120017
120018
120019
120021
120022
120023
120024
120025
120026
120027
120028
120029
120030
120031
120034
120035
120036
120037
120038
120039
120040
120041
120042
120043
120044
120045
120046
120047
120048
120049
120050
120051
120052
120053
120054
120055
120056
120057
120058
120059
120060
120061
120062
120063
120064
120065
120066
120067
120068
120069
120070
120071
120072
120073
120074
120075
120076
120077
120078
120079
120080
120081
120082
120083
120084
120085
120086
120087
120088
120089
120090
120091
120092
120093
120094
120095
120096
120097
120098
120099
12010
120100
120101
120102
120103
120104
120105
120106
120107
120108
120109
12011
120110
120111
120112
120113
120114
120115
120116
120117
120118
120119
12012
120120
120121
120122
120123
120124
120125
120126
120127
120128
120129
12013
120130
120131
120132
120133
120134
120135
120136
120137
120138
120139
12014
120140
120141
120142
120143
120145
120146
120147
120148
120149
120150
120151
120152
120153
120154
120155
120156
120157
120158
120159
120160
120161
120162
120163
120164
120165
120166
120167
120168
120169
120170
12020
12021
12025
12026
120351
120352
120353
120354
120355
120356
120357
120358
120359
120360
120361
120362
120363
120364
120365
120366
120367
120368
120369
120371
120372
120373
120374
120375
120376
120377
120378
120379
120380
120381
120382
120383
120385
120386
120388
120389
120390
120391
120392
120393
120394
120395
120397
120398
120399
120401
120402
120403
120404
120405
120406
120407
120408
120409
120410
120411
120412
120413
120414
120415
120416
120417
120418
120419
120420
120421
120423
120424
120425
120426
120427
120428
120429
120430
120431
120432
120433
120434
120435
120436
120437
120438
120439
120440
120441
120442
120444
120445
120447
120448
120449
12045
120450
120451
120452
120454
120455
120457
120458
120459
120460
120461
120462
120463
120464
120465
120466
120467
120468
120469
120471
120474
120475
120476
120477
120480
120481
120482
120483
120484
120485
120486
120487
120488
120489
120490
120491
120492
120493
120494
120495
120496
120497
120498
120499
120500
120501
120502
120503
120504
120505
120506
120507
120508
120509
120510
120512
120513
120514
120515
120517
120518
120519
120520
120522
120523
120524
120525
120526
120527
120528
120529
120530
120531
120532
120533
120534
120535
120536
120537
120538
120539
120540
120541
120542
120543
120544
120545
120546
120547
120548
120549
120550
120551
120552
120553
120554
120555
120556
120557
120558
120559
120560
120561
12060
120600
120601
120602
120603
120604
120605
120606
120607
120608
120609
120610
120611
120612
120613
120615
120616
120617
120618
120619
120620
120621
120622
120623
120624
120625
120626
120627
120628
120629
120630
120631
120632
120633
120634
120635
120636
120637
120638
120639
120640
120641
120642
120643
120644
120645
120646
120647
120648
120649
12065
120650
120651
120652
120653
120654
120655
120656
120657
120658
120659
120660
120661
120662
120663
120664
120665
120666
120667
120668
120669
120670
120671
120672
120673
120674
120675
120676
120677
120678
120679
120681
120682
120683
120684
120685
120686
120687
120688
120689
120690
120691
120692
120693
120694
120695
120696
120697
120698
120699
12070
120700
120701
120702
120703
120704
120705
120706
120707
120708
120709
120710
120711
120712
120713
120714
120715
120716
120718
120719
120721
120722
120723
120724
120725
120726
120727
120728
120729
120730
120732
120733
120734
120735
120736
120737
120738
120739
120740
120741
120742
120743
120744
120745
120746
120747
120748
120749
120750
120751
120752
120753
120754
120755
120756
12080
12081
12085
120850
120851
120852
120853
120854
120855
120857
120858
120859
12086
120860
120861
120862
120863
120864
120865
120866
120867
120868
120869
120870
120873
120874
120875
120876
120877
120878
120880
120881
120882
120883
120885
120886
120887
120888
120889
12090
120900
120901
120902
120903
120904
120905
120906
120907
120908
120909
12091
120910
120911
12092
12093
12094
12095
12100
12101
12102
12103
12104
12105
12110
12111
121110
121111
121112
121113
121114
121115
121116
121117
121118
121119
12112
121120
121121
121122
121123
12120
12121
12150
12151
12160
12161
12162
12163
12164
12200
12201
12210
12211
12212
12213
12214
12301
12302
12330
12335
12340
12345
12350
12355
12356
12360
12365
12375
12380
12381
12385
12386
12387
12390
12391
12395
12400
12405
12410
12415
12420
12425
12430
12435
12440
12441
12445
12450
12451
12452
12453
12454
12455
12456
12457
12458
12459
12462
12463
12464
12465
12466
12467
12468
12469
12470
12471
12472
12473
12476
12479
12500
12501
12600
12601
12800
12803
12804
12900
12901
13000
13001
13002
13003
13999
14000
14001
14002
14004
14005
14010
20010
20011
20012
20013
20025
20026
20027
20028
20030
20031
20032
20033
20034
20035
20065
20066
20067
20100
20101
20102
20103
20104
20105
20106
20107
20108
20109
20110
20130
20131
20132
20133
20134
20135
20136
20137
20138
20139
20140
20160
20161
20162
20164
20165
20166
20167
20168
20169
20170
20172
20192
20193
20194
20195
20196
20197
20199
20201
20202
20203
20204
20205
20206
20207
20208
20209
20210
20211
20212
20213
20214
20216
20217
20218
20219
20220
20221
20222
20240
20241
20242
20243
20244
20245
20246
20247
20248
20249
20250
20251
20252
20260
20261
20262
20263
20264
20265
20266
20267
20268
20280
20281
20282
20283
20284
20285
20286
20287
20288
20289
20290
20291
20292
20300
20301
20302
20303
20304
20305
20306
20307
20308
20309
20311
20312
20320
20321
20322
20323
20324
20325
20340
20341
20342
20343
20344
20345
20346
20347
20348
20349
20350
20351
20360
20361
20362
20363
20364
20365
20366
20367
20368
20369
20370
20371
20372
20373
20374
20375
20376
20377
20378
20379
20380
20381
20382
20383
20384
20385
20386
20387
20388
20400
20401
20402
20403
20404
20405
20406
20407
20409
20413
20414
20415
20416
20417
20418
20419
20420
20421
20422
20423
20440
20441
20442
20443
20444
20445
20446
20447
20448
20449
20450
20460
20461
20462
20463
20464
20465
20466
20485
20486
20487
20488
20489
20490
20491
20510
20511
20512
20513
20514
20515
20516
20517
20518
20519
20520
20522
20523
20535
20536
20537
20538
20539
20540
20541
20542
20543
20544
20545
20546
20547
20548
20549
20550
20551
20552
20553
20554
20560
20561
20562
20563
20564
20565
20566
20567
20568
20585
20586
20587
20588
20589
20590
20591
20592
20593
20595
20597
20610
20611
20612
20613
20614
20615
20616
20617
20618
20619
20620
20635
20636
20637
20638
20639
20640
20641
20642
20643
20644
20645
20646
20647
20648
20649
20660
20661
20662
20663
20664
20665
20666
20667
20668
20669
20670
20671
20685
20686
20687
20710
20711
20712
20713
20715
20716
20717
20719
20735
20736
20737
20738
20739
20740
20741
20742
20743
20744
20745
20746
20747
20748
20749
20750
20751
20760
20761
20762
20763
20764
20765
20766
20785
20786
20787
20788
20789
20790
20792
20793
20794
20795
20796
20797
20798
20799
20800
20802
20803
20810
20811
20812
20813
20814
20815
20816
20817
20818
20819
20835
20836
20837
20838
20839
20840
20841
20842
20843
20844
20845
20846
20847
20848
20849
20850
20851
20852
20853
20855
20860
20861
20862
20863
20864
20865
20866
20867
20868
20869
20870
20871
20872
20873
20874
20875
20876
20877
20878
20879
20880
20885
20886
20888
20889
20890
20891
20892
20893
20894
20895
20896
20897
20899
20901
20910
20911
20912
20913
20914
20915
20917
20918
20919
20920
20921
20922
20923
20924
20925
20935
20936
20937
20939
20940
20941
20942
20950
20951
20952
20953
20954
20955
20956
20975
20976
20977
20978
20979
20980
20981
20982
20983
20984
20985
21000
21001
21003
21004
21005
21006
21007
21008
21009
21010
21011
21012
21013
21025
21026
21027
21028
21029
21030
21031
21032
21033
21034
21035
21050
21051
21052
21053
21054
21055
21056
21057
21058
21059
21060
21061
21062
21064
21075
21076
21077
21078
21079
21080
21081
21082
21083
21084
21085
21100
21101
21102
21103
21104
21105
21106
21107
21108
21109
21110
21111
21112
21113
21114
21115
21116
21117
21125
21126
21127
21128
21129
21130
21131
21132
21133
21134
21135
21136
21137
21150
21151
21152
21153
21154
21155
21156
21157
21158
21175
21176
21177
21200
21201
21202
21203
21204
21205
21206
21207
21208
21209
21210
21211
21221
21222
21223
21224
21225
21226
21227
21228
21229
21230
21242
21243
21244
21245
21246
21247
21248
21249
21263
21264
21265
21266
21267
21268
21269
21270
21271
21272
21273
21274
21275
21276
21277
21278
21279
21280
21284
21285
21286
21287
21288
21289
21290
21291
21292
21293
21294
21295
21296
21297
21298
21305
21306
21307
21308
21309
21310
21311
21312
21313
21314
21315
21316
21317
21318
21319
21326
21327
21328
21329
21330
21331
21332
21333
21334
21335
21336
21337
21338
21339
21347
21348
21349
21350
21351
21352
21353
21354
21355
21356
21357
21359
21368
21369
21370
21371
21372
21373
21374
21375
21389
21390
21391
21392
21393
21394
21395
22000
22001
22002
22003
22004
22005
22006
22007
22008
22009
22010
22011
22012
22013
22014
22020
22021
22022
22023
22024
22025
22026
22027
22028
22040
22042
22043
22044
22045
22047
22048
22049
30389
40000
40001
40002
40003
40004
40005
40006
40010
40011
40012
40013
40014
40015
40020
40030
40040
40041
40042
40050
40051
40060
40061
40062
40063
40064
40065
40070
40100
40101
40102
40103
40104
40105
40106
40107
40108
40109
40110
40120
40121
40122
40123
40124
40125
40126
40127
40128
40129
40130
40131
40132
40133
40140
40141
40142
40143
40144
40145
40146
40147
40148
40149
40150
40151
40152
40153
40154
40155
40160
40161
40162
40163
40164
40165
40166
40167
40168
40169
40170
40171
40180
40181
40182
40183
40184
40185
40186
40187
40188
40190
40191
40192
40193
40194
40195
40196
40197
40198
40199
40200
40201
40202
40203
40204
40205
40206
40207
40208
40209
40210
40211
40212
40213
40220
40221
40222
40223
40224
40225
40226
40227
40228
40229
40230
40231
40232
40240
40241
40242
40243
40244
40245
40246
40247
40248
40249
40250
40251
40252
40260
40261
40262
40263
40264
40265
40266
40267
40268
40269
40270
40271
40272
40273
40274
40275
40276
40277
40280
40281
40282
40283
40284
40285
40286
40287
40288
40289
40290
40291
40292
40293
40294
40295
40296
40297
40298
40299
40300
40301
40310
40311
40312
40313
40314
40315
40316
40320
40321
40322
40323
40324
40325
40326
40327
40328
40329
40330
40331
40332
40333
40334
40335
40336
40337
40338
40339
40340
40350
40351
40352
40353
40354
40355
40356
40357
40358
40359
40360
40361
40362
40363
40364
40365
40366
40367
40368
40369
40370
40371
40372
40373
40374
40380
40381
40382
40383
40384
40385
40386
40387
40388
40389
40390
40391
40400
40401
40402
40403
40404
40405
40406
40407
40408
40409
40410
40411
61000
61001
61010
61011
61012
61013
61015
61016
61017
63000
63001
63002
63003
63004
63005
63006
63007
63008
63009
63010
63011
64000
64001
64002
64003
64004
64005
64006
64007
64008
64009
64010
64011
64012
64013
64014
64015
64016
64017
64018
64019
64020
64021
64022
64023
64024
64025
64026
64027
64028
64029
64030
64031
64032
64033
64034
64035
64036
64037
64038
64039
64040
64041
64042
64043
64050
64051
64053
65000
65001
65002
65003
65004
65005
65006
65007
65008
65009
65010
65011
65015
65016
65017
65018
65019
65020
65021
65022
65023
65024
65025
65026
65027
65028
65029
65030
65031
65032
65033
65034
65035
65036
65037
65038
65039
65040
65041
65042
65050
65051
65052
66000
66001
66002
66003
66004
66005
66006
66007
66008
66009
66010
66011
66020
66021
66022
66023
66024
66025
66026
66027
67000
67001
67002
67003
67004
70000
70001
70002
70003
70004
70010
70011
70012
70013
70014
70020
70021
70022
70023
70024
70027
70030
70031
70032
70033
70034
70035
70040
70041
70042
70043
70044
71000
71001
71002
71003
71004
71005
71006
71007
71008
71009
71010
71011
71012
71020
71021
71022
71023
71024
71025
71026
71030
71031
71032
71033
78000
78001
78002
78003
78004
78005
78006
78007
78008
78009
78010
78011
78100
78101
78110
78111
79999
80000
80001
990000
990001
990021
990022
990023
990024
990025
990026
990027
990028
990029
990030
990031
990032
990033
990034
990035
990036
990037
990039
990040
990041
990042
990043
990044
990045
990046
990047
990048
990049
990050
990051
990052
990053
990054
990055
990056
990057
990058
990059
990060
990061
990062
990063
990064
990065
990066
990067
990068
990069
990070
990071
990072
990073
990074
990075
990076
990077
990078
990079
990080
990081
990082
990083
990084
990085
990086
990087
990088
990089
990090
990091
990092
990093
990094
990095
990096
990097
990098
990099
990100
990101
990102
990103
990104
990105
990106
990107
990108
990109
990110
990111
990112
990113
990114
990115

=== targetName ===
AAAAAA==
Accept mission and start count
Accepted Mission NPC Tracking
Advance even further
After School & Evening & Night|Go to Shinjuku on a Clear day
Akashi and Yamanashi's Conversation
Akashi and the Academic Coordinator
Akashi's Contact
Answer Kageyama's call
Answer the phone
Answer your phone
Ask around about the orange tabby
Ask who the man was talking to
Attend class
Attend class in room 2-C
Attend class in the gymnasium
Attract a customer
Attract a second customer
Attract a third customer
Await the fireworks festival
Be introduced to the new teacher
Beat the penalty kick challenge
Begin infiltrating Mementos
Break the glass
Buy saline solution in Shibuya
Buy some green tea
Buy the book for Shishida
Buy toilet paper
Call Rikuto
Call Shimizu
Call Tanzo
Celebrate victory
Challenge the Velvet Trials
Change clothes
Change your shoes at the shoe lockers
Chat with Chizuko Nagao
Check IM
Check out Buchiko Statue with Bella
Check the bar
Check the computer
Check the core device
Check the device
Check the door to upstairs
Check the exhaust fan
Check the izakaya
Check the monitor
Check the movie theater
Check the next address
Check the notification on your phone
Check the projector
Check the school bulletin board
Check the strange message
Check the vending machine
Check the yakitori restaurant
Check up on Shishida
Check up on Shishida later on
Check up on Tomoko
Check your phone
City Life Navigator: Empty Mission
Clean up the boards
Clear Pass goals
Close the Mission screen
Close the open door
Collect the control manuals
Coming Soon
Complete Kurosawa's secret training
Complete a song
Complete some side missions
Confirm Kiuchi's condition
Confirm the Shadow's disappearance
Continue talking with Yuta Sato
Control the robot
Craft a Grappling Hook
Cross the intersection
Cut the cable
Defeat 3 Shadows
Defeat Katayama
Defeat Shadow Furukawa
Defeat Shadow Oya
Defeat Shadow Takayama
Defeat Shadow Yamazaki
Defeat enemies
Defeat or control the Shadows
Defeat the Corrupt Producer's Shadow
Defeat the Shadow
Defeat the Shadow Guard
Defeat the Shadow Soldier
Defeat the Shadow in your way
Defeat the Shadows of Sahara's Parents
Defeat the Wraith of Envy
Defeat the patrolling Shadow
Defeat the powerful Shadow
Defeat the powerful enemy
Defeat the second Shadow Soldier
Defeat the special Shadow
Defeat the suspicious Shadow
Defeat the third Shadow Soldier
Deliver the bouquet to Neko Takahashi
Deliver the order
Discuss the theme of the show
Display the capsules
Do some gardening
Eat together at the diner
Eat with Motoha
Eat with Namie Komatsu
Elevator
Enjoy the scenery of Yoyogi Park
Enter Heritage Kitchen
Enter Mementos
Enter Miyazawa's Palace
Enter Victory Kitchen
Enter the Metro of Desire
Enter the Palace
Enter the Palace interior
Enter the Velvet Room
Enter the band club room
Enter the bar
Enter the classroom building
Enter the clinic
Enter the mysterious shop
Enter the safe room
Error: tnxotb-[Quest_targetName_990024]
Error: tnxotb-[Quest_targetName_990076]
Error: tnxotb-[Quest_targetName_990080]
Error: tnxotb-[Quest_targetName_990083]
Error: tnxotb-[Quest_targetName_990084]
Error: tnxotb-[Quest_targetName_990085]
Error: tnxotb-[Quest_targetName_990086]
Error: tnxotb-[Quest_targetName_990087]
Error: tnxotb-[Quest_targetName_990088]
Error: tnxotb-[Quest_targetName_990089]
Error: tnxotb-[Quest_targetName_990090]
Error: tnxotb-[Quest_targetName_990091]
Error: tnxotb-[Quest_targetName_990092]
Error: tnxotb-[Quest_targetName_990113]
Error: tnxotb-[Quest_targetName_990114]
Error: tnxotb-[Quest_targetName_990115]
Escape from Victory Kitchen
Escape from the casino
Explore Central Street
Explore Katayama's Palace
Explore Kiuchi's Palace
Explore Miyazawa's Palace
Explore Zoshigaya
Explore even deeper
Explore even further
Explore the Metaverse beach
Explore the Palace
Explore the bank
Explore the dam
Explore the desert town
Explore the museum
Explore the mysterious castle
Explore the pyramid
Explore the spaceport
Explore the underground mall
Extra - Defeat the Shadow in the hidden room
Extra - Open all treasure chests
Face Kiuchi on the Center Field
Face off against Katayama
Face off against Katayama and Akashi
Fill out the career questionnaire
Find Haruna
Find Jiro Nakano
Find Marthym
Find Motoha
Find Namie Komatsu
Find Yuta Sato
Find a path to the exit
Find a way in
Find a way through the paintings
Find a way to control the power
Find a way to get further inside
Find a way to open the large door
Find the cat shelter
Find the charm
Find the chip
Find the customer
Find the entrance to the dam
Find the first robot
Find the hidden location
Find the lost phone
Find the path to 2F
Find the person in the photo
Find the robot
Find the second robot
Find the source of the water sound
Find the tabby's treasure
Find the third robot
Find the waves
Find what's missing at the empty lot
Finish studying
Fix the malfunctioning equipment
Follow Lufel
Follow Takahashi
Follow the old man
Follow the orange tabby
Gather all clues about Shadows
Gather info on Shichi-kun
Get a puzzle sheet
Get funding for your operation
Get more suggestions
Get photographed
Get ready and talk to the group
Get to know Chizuko Nagao
Give Yuta Sato advice
Give the book to Shishida
Give the chain to the mechanic
Give the green tea to Shimizu
Give the postcard to Fumiyo Tosabayashi
Go back to your room and sleep
Go for a run
Go have curry
Go have curry with Kurosawa
Go home
Go home and call Shimizu
Go home and rest
Go home and wait until tomorrow
Go inside the dam
Go meet Harris in Kichijoji
Go meet Namie Komatsu
Go meet the girl
Go on a date with Kotone in Suidobashi
Go see Shichi-kun in Shibuya
Go see the girl
Go see the old man at the station square
Go to 1F
Go to Classroom Bldg 1F
Go to Heritage Kitchen
Go to Hinokuniya Bookstore
Go to Inokashira Park
Go to Kageyama's caf\xe9
Go to Kichijoji
Go to Mementos
Go to Minami's family's shop
Go to Omotesando
Go to Path of Aiyatsbus
Go to Path of Chemdah
Go to Path of Qimranut
Go to Recollections
Go to Shibuya
Go to Shibuya Station
Go to Shibuya Station Square
Go to Shibuya Station square
Go to Shichi-kun on a Rainy morning
Go to Shichi-kun on a Rainy night on a day off
Go to Shichi-kun on a school day
Go to Shimo-Kitazawa Station
Go to Shinjuku
Go to Shinjuku on a Clear day
Go to Shinjuku's Red-light District in the evening
Go to Station Square
Go to Taiheido Bookstore
Go to Taiheido Bookstore in Shibuya
Go to Victory Kitchen
Go to Yongen-Jaya
Go to Yoyogi Park
Go to Zoshigaya
Go to band club
Go to bed
Go to room 2-C
Go to school
Go to the Airsoft Shop
Go to the Batting Cages
Go to the Central Hall
Go to the Companio
Go to the Gym
Go to the Inogami Line
Go to the Kokatsu Academy school grounds
Go to the Library
Go to the Path of Qimranut
Go to the Ramen Shop
Go to the Secondhand Shop
Go to the Shopping District
Go to the Velvet Room
Go to the apartment in Shinjuku
Go to the arcade
Go to the bar
Go to the bar in Shinjuku
Go to the bathhouse
Go to the bookstore
Go to the burger shop
Go to the caf\xe9
Go to the caf\xe9 in Yongen-Jaya
Go to the central area of the film studio
Go to the clinic
Go to the coffee chain
Go to the concept caf\xe9
Go to the convenience store in Shibuya
Go to the dam entrance
Go to the diner
Go to the event at Station Square
Go to the faculty office
Go to the fishing pond
Go to the flower shop
Go to the fortune teller in Shinjuku
Go to the fried food shop
Go to the front of the faculty office
Go to the gates of Kokatsu Academy
Go to the gourmet supermarket
Go to the guidance office
Go to the gymnasium
Go to the hallway
Go to the infiltration point
Go to the intersection at Shibuya
Go to the izakaya on the street corner
Go to the jazz club
Go to the jazz club in Kichijoji
Go to the laundromat
Go to the living room
Go to the location Ayumi introduced
Go to the long, narrow room
Go to the main gate of the Baseball Stadium
Go to the mysterious shop with Motoha
Go to the next location
Go to the next photo spot
Go to the outdoor caf\xe9
Go to the outdoor caf\xe9 in Kichijoji
Go to the photo spot
Go to the ramen shop
Go to the red vortex
Go to the rooftop
Go to the safe room
Go to the school courtyard
Go to the school gate
Go to the school gates
Go to the school grounds
Go to the school store
Go to the shaved ice shop
Go to the shoe store
Go to the shooting game shop
Go to the shop in Shinjuku
Go to the shopping district
Go to the shopping district in Shibuya
Go to the specified location
Go to the strange castle
Go to the supermarket in Yongen-Jaya
Go to the sushi restaurant in Kichijoji
Go to the underground bar in Shibuya
Go to the underground mall
Go to the underground mall at the station
Go to the underground mall in Shibuya
Go to the yakitori stand
Go to the yakitori stand in Zoshigaya
Go to your bedroom
Goal 1,Goal 2,Goal 3
Guide the robot
Hand over the toilet paper
Hand the glass orbs to the tabby
Hang out with Ayaka Sakai
Have a discussion with Riko
Head for the exit
Head home with Ritsuka
Head to Sato's workplace
Head to Shirosato Beach
Head to the Kichijoji night market
Head to the Memorial Plaza
Head to the Palace's Center Field
Head to the control room
Head to the escalator
Head to the fireworks launch site
Head to the generator room
Head to the rail tunnel
Head to the red vortex
Head to the repair room
Head to the station
Head to where the person disappeared
Head toward Hinokuniya Bookstore
Head toward the Buchiko Statue bench
Head toward the bench on the east side
Head toward the diner
Hear Anderson's thoughts
Help Sato practice buttering up at work
Help Tomoko at the cr\xeape shop
Help attract customers in Kichijoji
Help the girl find her way
Hiromu Miyazawa
If completed in the past, mark as Complete
Increase your Hidden Ability
Infiltrate Kiuchi's Palace
Infiltrate the Control Center
Infiltrate the Palace
Infiltrate the waves
Investigate Akashi's Palace
Investigate the area
Investigate the frame
Investigate the music player
Investigate the safe room
Investigate the suspicious place
Join a Companio
Join the soccer team
Keep an eye on the little boy
Keep exploring
Kind Old Man
Leave Heritage Kitchen
Leave Mementos
Leave Miyazawa's Palace
Leave Victory Kitchen
Leave the Airsoft Shop
Leave the Companio
Leave the classroom building
Leave the clinic
Leave the school
Leisurely days by the sea
Listen in on the call
Listen to Ayumi's explanation
Listen to Da Cong's lecture
Listen to Riko
Listen to Tomiyama's troubles
Listen to Tomoko's explanation
Listen to Yuta Sato
Listen to conversation
Listen to passerby's conversation
Listen to the conversation in the train
Listen to the lady's confession
Live an ordinary life
Locate the faulty equipment
Look around Shibuya
Look around for the postcard
Look around the red-light district with Bella
Look for Merope
Look for Miyazawa's Palace
Look for Motoha on the rooftop
Look for Riko at the Imported Grocery
Look for Riko in Kichijoji
Look for a secluded area
Look for the Capsule Machines
Look for the Energy Conversion Device
Look for the first chain
Look for the interviewee
Look for the missing cat
Look for the orange tabby
Look for the projector
Look for the second chain
Look for the third chain
Look for traces
Make a Phantom Idol contract
Make a decision and talk to Lufel
Make dinner
Make your decision
Meet Joker
Meet Merope
Meet everyone at the rooftop
Meet up at Heritage Kitchen
Meet up at Shibuya Station Square
Meet up at Shimo-Kitazawa Station
Meet up at Victory Kitchen
Meet up at the rooftop
Meet up at the student guidance office
Meet up with everyone at the beach
Meet up with the team in Shibuya
Meet up with your teammates
Meet with the band club members
Meet your teammates on the roof
Mission A
Mission B
Monologue
Morning Thoughts
NPC Tracking: Empty Mission
Nightmare's Gateway
Observe Namie and Momoko's race
Observe the Vice Principal
Observe the situation
Obtain a weapon
Offer a hand to Yaoling
Open the castle doors
Open the door
Open the locked door
Open the path
Open the safe room
Operate the Energy Conversion Device
Operate the Energy Device
Operate the Mind Control Device
Operate the Water Control Device
Part ways with Harris
Part ways with Haruna
Part ways with Namie Komatsu
Pick it up
Pick up the bouquet
Pick up the chip
Pick up the order
Pick up the strange object
Play Harvest World Online
Play summer event date with Motoha
Practice penalty kicks
Proceed carefully
Proceed even further
Proceed to the Palace interior
Proceed to the control room
Progress further
Pull the lever
Raise Wonder to Lv. 20
Raise Wonder to Lv. 22
Raise Wonder to Lv. 30
Raise a Persona's level
Raise a Phantom Thief's level
Reach Level 19
Reach the Mysterious Palace
Reach the end goal with Namie Komatsu
Reach the goal before time runs out
Reach the goal of the puzzle
Repair the broken device
Report the good news
Report to Shichi-kun
Report to Tanzo
Rescue the Shadows
Rescue the operator
Respond to Hiyori Koide
Rest in your room
Return after 2 days
Return the lost property to the lady
Return the phone to Yuta Sato
Return the treasures to the tabby
Return to Kageyama's caf\xe9
Return to Shibuya
Return to Shinjuku
Return to Shirosato Beach
Return to Zoshigaya
Return to room 2-C
Return to the Core Monitoring Room
Return to the Zoshigaya street corner
Return to the castle tower
Return to the station square
Return to the tent at Station Square
Return to your bedroom
Return tomorrow after school
Rhythm Game: Clear "Wake Up Your Hero"
Ride the subway
Ride the train
Rotate the energy device
Run through the presentation with Sato
Run with Namie Komatsu
Safe Room
Score the penalty kick
Search for Clues (0/3)
Search for Clues (1/3)
Search for Clues (2/3)
Search for Katayama's Palace
Search for the Palace entrance
Search for the infrared switch
Search for the target
Search inside
Search the Palace interior
Search the area
See Motoha and Tomoko
See the doctor
Send the calling card
Set down the chip
Show Namie and Momoko the photo
Sneak in through the vent
Soccer Clear I
Speak to all of your allies
Stand in front of Shichi-kun and select him
Stand in front of Shichi-kun and select him and the protagonist
Start making shaved ice
Start the Water Gun Attack
Stay hidden
Stop Miyazawa
Stop and listen
Stop the Mental Interference Device
Stop the alarm
Stop the device
Strategize with Yuta Sato
Study at the diner
Surround the runaway customer
Take Kiuchi's Treasure
Take a break
Take a landscape photo in Shibuya
Take a photo anywhere
Take a photo of Namie and Momoko
Take a photo of the bar
Take a photo of the customers
Take a photo of the izakaya
Take a photo of the yakitori restaurant
Take a selfie in Shibuya
Take photos of the food and stand
Take some time to relax
Take the Inogami Line
Take the elevator down
Take the train to Zoshigaya
Talk about Miyazawa's change of heart
Talk at the hideout
Talk in the classroom
Talk outside the bar
Talk to Akashi
Talk to Anderson
Talk to Fumiyo Tosabayashi
Talk to Haruna
Talk to Hiyori Koide
Talk to Igor
Talk to Kageyama
Talk to Kano
Talk to Kazuhiko Tsuda
Talk to Kurosawa
Talk to Lufel
Talk to Lufel again
Talk to Lufel in Shibuya
Talk to Marthym
Talk to Masa
Talk to Merope
Talk to Minami
Talk to Minami later
Talk to Motoha
Talk to Motoha in Shibuya
Talk to Motoha in Zoshigaya
Talk to Motoha in the classroom
Talk to Ms. Katayama
Talk to Namie Komatsu
Talk to Riko
Talk to Riko in Shibuya
Talk to Riko-senpai
Talk to Ritsuka
Talk to Ryuji
Talk to Shichi-kun in Shibuya
Talk to Shimizu
Talk to Shota
Talk to Shun
Talk to Shun Kano in Shibuya
Talk to Shun on the school rooftop
Talk to Tanzo
Talk to Tetsunojo Shishida
Talk to Tomiyama in Zoshigaya
Talk to Yota Kurosawa
Talk to Yuta Sato
Talk to everyone
Talk to the Girl Collecting Donations
Talk to the acupuncturist
Talk to the awakened Riko
Talk to the band club members
Talk to the boy
Talk to the business expert
Talk to the cameraman
Talk to the cognitive mechanic
Talk to the cognitive operator
Talk to the convenience store clerk
Talk to the girl
Talk to the girl (<sprite=5><color=#e6b625>Charm</color> Lv. 2)
Talk to the girl with the ponytail
Talk to the guide
Talk to the host
Talk to the inebriated lady
Talk to the languid doctor
Talk to the man outside the gym
Talk to the man with the camera
Talk to the mysterious boy
Talk to the performer
Talk to the performing girl
Talk to the police
Talk to the repentant Kiuchi
Talk to the shop owner
Talk to the tabby
Talk to the woman in a kimono
Talk to your teammates
Talk to your teammates in Shibuya
Talk to your teammates on the roof
Talk to your teammates outside Heritage Kitchen
Talk to your teammates outside Victory Kitchen
Talk with Harris
Talk with Marthym
Talk with Tomoko in the hallway
Talk with everyone at the diner
Talk with the group
Tell Shishida the truth
The Mysterious Room
The Velvet Room
Think of a way to open the door
Touch the pedal device
Tour the sports gym
Treasure Spot 1
Treasure Spot 2
Treasure Spot 3
Treasure Spot 4
Treasure Spot 5
Treasure Spot 6
Treasure Spot 7
Turn off the lights
Turn on the control device
Turn on the mind-controlled robot
Turn on the robot
Unlock mission at Level 20
Unlock mission at Level 40
Unlock the Pursuit of Honor
Unlock the Trials from the Sea of Souls
Unlock the fishing pond in Ichigaya
Use the Fare Machine
Use the computer
Use the computer in the Operation Control Room
Use the control device to open the door
Use the mysterious app
Use the robot to unlock the door
Use your Grappling Hook
Wait for Haruna
Wait for Kageyama to contact you
Wait for Sato's performance review to finish
Wait for Sato's performance review to start
Wait for the contract to be canceled
Wait for the lady to leave work
Wait for the order to be ready
Wait for the right time to send the calling card
Wait until evening
Wait until next week
Wait until night
Wait until tomorrow
Wait until tomorrow after school
Wait until tomorrow evening
Wake up in your bedroom
Walk around Kichijoji
Walk around Shibuya
Watch Miyazawa react to the calling card
Watch Miyazawa's livestream
Watch Miyazawa's press conference
Watch over Anderson
Watch over the date in Zoshigaya
Watch the accident
Watch the film
Watch the news
Watch the performance
Watch the video
Win the battle
Win your first battle
Witness Akashi's past
Witness Miyazawa's confession
Witness someone getting pushed
Witness the capture
Witness the conversation
Witness the encounter
Work at the convenience store
XXXXXXXXXXXXXXX
