"Choosers of the slain" in Norse lore. Armed with shining armor and swords, they look for brave warriors to take to Valhalla, so that they may fight in Ragnarok.
"Illusion"
1. After acting each turn, if Moha has taken damage during that turn, its Wrath increases by 4. If it has not taken damage during the turn, its Wrath decreases by 1.\n2. If Moha's Wrath reaches 12 by the end of the turn, it will spend all Wrath to use Rapid Ascent, and on the next turn, uses Sphinx Dive to deal heavy Physical damage to all Phantom Thieves.\n3. When Moha is on the field, the Phantom Thieves gain a small amount of Energy at the end of each turn.\n4. When the Phantom Thieves deal weakness damage to Moha, they gain a large amount of Ballista Energy. This can be done only once per turn.\n5. When the Phantom Thieves have 100 Ballista Energy at the start of the turn, they will spend 100 Ballista Energy to attack Moha with a Ballista Shot, putting it in a Weakened state and causing it to lose all Wrath.
1. At the start of battle, 3 Warriors will appear. When the Warriors are defeated, Valkyrie will receive a buff, and 1 more of the same Warrior will reappear.\n2. When 3 Warriors have been defeated, the Warriors will leave and Valkyrie will appear.
1. At the start of battle, all four angels are affected by Demonic Curse, changing all affinities to Weak. Lasts for 1 turn.\n2. Raphael will restore all Phantom Thieves' SP every turn, but also inflicts Angelic Binding on the Phantom Thief with the highest Attack, greatly decreasing their damage.
1. At the start of battle, Asura gains 2 Vajra Armor stacks and restores 1 stack each turn. Each stack reduces damage taken by 15%.\n2. When Asura takes damage from its weakness, it loses 1 Vajra Armor stack.\n3. When Asura loses all Vajra Armor stacks, all Phantom Thieves gain Demon Subjugation, increasing their damage.
1. At the start of battle, Mara summons 4 Decarabias.\n2. Mara maintains 4 Decarabias on the field.
1. At the start of battle, Seiryu gains 2 Azure Scales stacks, and gains 1 more stack every turn. Each stack decreases damage taken by 15%.\n2. When Seiryu takes weakness damage, it loses 1 Azure Scales stack.\n3. When Seiryu loses all Azure Scales stacks, all Phantom Thieves gain Azure Power, increasing their damage.
1. At the start of battle, Unicorn gains 5 Purity stacks.\n2. When Unicorn receives a buff or healing, it gains 1 more Purity stack.\nPurity: Increases Attack and Defense. When Purity reaches 10 stacks, Unicorn unleashes its Holy Power.\nHoly Power: Deals heavy damage to all Phantom Thieves and fully restores all Shadows' HP.\n3. When all 4 Nigi Mitama, Saki Mitama, Kushi Mitama or Ara Mitama aren't on the field, Unicorn uses 3 Purity stacks to summon 1 Shadow.
1. At the start of battle, Zaou-Gongen gains 15 Vajra Shield stacks. Each stack decreases damage taken by 5%.\n2. When Zaou-Gongen takes damage from a skill or Resonance, it loses 1 Vajra Shield stack.\n3. When Zaou-Gongen loses all Vajra Shield stacks, all Phantom Thieves gain Demon Power, increasing their damage.
1. Avidya cannot be targeted in the first phase of battle, and will continuously summon Corporobos to fight. After a certain number of Corporobos have been defeated, Avidya will move to the second phase.\n2. Avidya cannot be targeted in the second phase of battle, and will summon a team of powerful Corporobos to fight. When all of the Corporobos have been defeated, Avidya will move to the third phase, where he can be targeted and will not use any skills.\n3. During the battle, Avidya will use Selfless Devotion on randomly selected Corporobos, who will self-destruct after 2 turns, dealing heavy damage to the Phantom Thieves.
1. Baphomet will summon minions during the battle. When a minion is defeated, Baphomet takes Almighty damage based on the minion's max HP.\n2. Baphomet will restore all Phantom Thieves' SP each turn, but also inflicts Demonic Curse on the Phantom Thief with the highest Attack, greatly decreasing their damage.
1. Baphomet will summon minions during the battle. When a minion is defeated, Baphomet takes Almighty damage based on the minion's max HP.\n2. Baphomet will restore all Phantom Thieves' SP each turn, but also inflicts Demonic Curse on the Phantom Thief with the highest Attack, greatly decreasing their damage.\n3. When a minion is knocked down, all Phantom Thieves' damage is increased by 15% for 1 turn.
1. Belphegor is always Asleep. After being attacked, it will wake up, and can take 1 action before going back to Sleep.\n2. Belphegor deals greatly increased damage to Sleeping Shadows.
1. Belphegor is always Asleep. After being attacked, it will wake up, and can take 1 action before going back to sleep.\n2. Belphegor takes increased damage while Asleep. Every 2 turns, it summons 1 Sandman.
1. Belphegor is always Asleep. After being attacked, it will wake up, and can take 1 action before going back to Sleep.\n2. Each time Belphegor acts, it gains 1 Irate stack, and its damage increases.
1. Byakko alternates between Byakko's Claw and Byakko's Fang.\n2. Byakko's Claw: Deals damage to 1 target and inflicts Deep Wounds. This effect deals damage over time, and can be removed by receiving healing 3 times.\n3. Byakko's Fang: Deals damage to all targets and inflicts Bite Marks. This effect increases damage taken, and can be removed by dealing damage 3 times.\n4. At the start of each turn, if both Deep Wounds and Bite Marks have been inflicted, Byakko will activate Prey, dealing heavy damage and inflicting Despair on the target.\n5. Every two turns, 1 Leanan Sidhe will be summoned.
1. Byakko alternates between Byakko's Claw and Byakko's Fang.\n2. Byakko's Claw: Deals damage to 1 target and inflicts Deep Wounds. This effect deals damage over time.\n3. Byakko's Fang: Deals damage to all targets and inflicts Bite Marks. This effect increases damage taken.\n4. At the start of each turn, if both Deep Wounds and Bite Marks have been inflicted, Byakko will activate Prey, dealing heavy damage and inflicting Despair on the target.\n5. Every 2 turns, Byakko selects 1 Sudama as Bait, and on the next turn, eats the Sudama, fully restoring its HP and granting itself a buff.
1. Byakko alternates between Byakko's Claw and Byakko's Fang.\nByakko's Claw: Deals damage to 1 target and inflicts Deep Wounds. This effect deals damage over time, and can be removed by inflicting an elemental or spiritual ailment.\nByakko's Fang: Deals damage to all targets and inflicts Bite Marks. This effect increases damage taken and can be removed by activating a Highlight or Resonance.\n4. At the start of each turn, if both Deep Wounds and Bite Marks have been inflicted, Byakko will activate Prey, dealing heavy damage and inflicting Despair on the target.\n3. Every two turns, Byakko summons 1 Byakko's Afterimage. Byakko's Afterimage has the same skills, but very low HP and ailment resistance.
1. Cu Chulainn gains 2 Runic Protection stacks each turn. Each stack decreases damage taken by 15%.\n2. When Cu Chulainn takes damage from its weakness, it loses 1 Runic Protection stack.\n3. When Cu Chulainn loses all Runic Protection stacks, all Phantom Thieves gain Runic Strength, increasing their damage.\n4. Cu Chulainn will restore all Phantom Thieves' SP each turn, but also inflicts Runic Curse on the Phantom Thief with the highest Attack, greatly decreasing their damage.
1. Daisoujou cannot be targeted by the Phantom Thieves, and cannot be defeated.\n2. At the start of the battle, Daisoujou's HP is only 1% of the maximum, and each turn it will use Sokushin. Sokushin: Deals Almighty damage to all Phantom Thieves based on their current HP percentage, and consumes a certain amount of SP. Also restores the same amount of HP to Daisoujou.\n3. Shadows will continously appear on the field, and deal a set amount of damage to Daisoujou.\n4. Victory is acheived if Daisoujou's HP is healed to 100%. The battle is lost if Daisoujou's HP is too low. Quickly defeat the Shadows while protecting Daisoujou.
1. Each turn, Girimehkala inflicts Mark of Calamity on 2 Phantom Thieves and 1 Shadow for 2 turns.\n2. When a Phantom Thief with a Mark of Calamity deals damage with a skill, Arrival of Calamity is activated on that Phantom Thief: Deals multi-target damage based on the user's Attack, and inflicts a Mark of Calamity on the main target of the skill.\n3. All Shadows take 60% decreased final damage from all attacks other than Arrival of Calamity.\n4. When Girimehkala has a Mark of Calamity, its damage permanently increases by 50% after attacking.
1. Each turn, Girimehkala inflicts Mark of Calamity on 2 Phantom Thieves for 2 turns.\n2. When a Phantom Thief with a Mark of Calamity deals damage with a skill, Arrival of Calamity is activated on that Phantom Thief: Deals multi-target damage based on the user's Attack, and inflicts a Mark of Calamity on the main target of the skill.\n3. All Shadows take 60% decreased final damage from all attacks other than Arrival of Calamity.\n4. After taking damage from Arrival of Calamity, damage taken is greatly increased for 1 turn.
1. Each turn, Girimehkala inflicts Mark of Calamity on 2 Phantom Thieves for 2 turns.\n2. When a Phantom Thief with a Mark of Calamity deals damage with a skill, Arrival of Calamity is activated on the Phantom Thieves: Deals multi-target damage based on the user's Attack, and inflicts a Mark of Calamity on the main target of the skill.\n3. All Shadows take 60% decreased damage from all attacks other than Arrival of Calamity.\n4. Up to 2 Marks of Calamity can be held. When Mark of Calamity reaches 2 stacks, using a skill will activate Ruinous Calamity once, dealing severe damage. This effect does not inflict a Mark of Calamity on the target.
1. Each turn, Seiryu will record the attributes of damage it takes, and on the next turn inflicts a weakness to that attribute to a Shadow.\n2. When a Shadow is defeated, Seiryu gains 1 Azure Storm stack. Azure Storm: Damage increases by 30%. When Azure Storm reaches 6 stacks, Seiryu deals heavy damage.
1. Each turn, Titania gains 2 Fairy Power stacks.\n2. Titania loses 1 Fairy Power stack each time she takes a Physical attack.\n3. Before the start of her turn, Titania spends all Fairy Power stacks to activate Fairy Curse, decreasing all Phantom Thieves' damage by 15% for each stack spent.
1. Each turn, Titania gains 2 Fairy Power.\n2. Titania loses 1 Fairy Power each time she takes a Physical attack.\n3. Before the start of her turn, Titania spends all Fairy Power to activate Fairy Curse, decreasing all Phantom Thieves' damage by 15% for each Fairy Power spent.
1. Every turn, Kumbhanda will attack a Phantom Thief who has a Grudge. If no Phantom Thieves have a Grudge, it will attack all Phantom Thieves.\n2. Whenever Kumbhanda attacks, it reduces the target's HP by 20%, and restores 20% HP to the Agathion with the lowest HP.
1. Every turn, Kumbhanda will attack a Phantom Thief who has a Grudge. If no Phantom Thieves have a Grudge, it will attack all Phantom Thieves.\n2. Whenever Kumbhanda attacks, it reduces the target's SP by 20, and restores 10 SP to a random Agathion.
1. Hariti has extremely high damage reduction, making it difficult to deal damage with direct attacks.\n2. When Hariti's action ends, it spends its own HP to fully heal all other Shadows, losing HP equal to the amount healed.\n3. At the start of Hariti's turn, it summons 1 Agathion. Hariti's damage increases by 15% for each Agathion on the field.
1. Hariti has extremely high damage reduction, making it difficult to deal damage with direct attacks.\n2. When Hariti's turn ends, it spends its own HP to fully heal all other Shadows, losing HP equal to the amount healed.\n3. Each turn, Hariti summons 1 Jack Frost, and grants Mother's Love to a random Jack Frost.\n4. A Jack Frost with Mother's Love will grow into Black Frost after 2 turns, gaining higher Attack and Defense, but also becoming unable to receive healing effects.
1. Hariti has extremely high damage reduction, making it difficult to deal damage with direct attacks.\n2. When Hariti's turn ends, it spends its own HP to fully heal all other Shadows, losing HP equal to the amount healed.\n3. When Jack-o'-Lantern is defeated, Hariti immediately deals heavy damage to all Phantom Thieves.\n4. At the start of Hariti's turn, it summons up to 4 Jack-o'-Lanterns.
1. Horus is blessed by the Sun God, and at the end of each turn it gains 1 Power of the Sun stack.\nPower of the Sun: Damage taken decreased by 20%.\n2. If Horus has Power of the Sun at the beginning of its turn, it deals heavy Almighty damage to all Phantom Thieves. Damage increases based on the number of Power of the Sun stacks.\n3. Kushi Mitama has the power of the Moon God, and removes 1 Power of the Sun stack from Horus every turn. In exchange, it loses 34% of its max HP.\n4. Ara Mitama is empowered by the Sun God, and when it is defeated, Horus gains 3 Power of the Sun stacks.
1. Horus is blessed by the Sun God, and at the end of each turn it gains 1 Power of the Sun stack.\nPower of the Sun: Damage taken decreased by 20%.\n2. If Horus has Power of the Sun at the beginning of its turn, it deals heavy Almighty damage to all Phantom Thieves. Damage increases based on the number of Power of the Sun stacks.\n3. Kushi Mitama is empowered by the Moon God, and removes 1 Power of the Sun stack from Horus every turn. In exchange, it loses 34% of its max HP.
1. Horus is blessed by the Sun God, and at the end of each turn it gains 1 Power of the Sun stack.\nPower of the Sun: Final damage taken decreased by 20%.\n2. If Horus has Power of the Sun at the beginning of its turn, it deals heavy Almighty damage to all Phantom Thieves. Damage increases based on the number of Power of the Sun stacks.\n3. Kushi Mitama is empowered by the Moon God, and removes 1 Power of the Sun stack from Horus every turn. In exchange, it loses 34% of its max HP.\n4. Saki Mitama is empowered by the Sun God, and each turn grants 1 Power of the Sun stack to Horus. If it is defeated, Horus loses all Power of the Sun stacks.\n5. Saki Mitama removes all continuous damage effects on itself at the start of its turn. For each effect removed, it takes 3% of its max HP as damage (this is affected by its final damage reduction).\n6. Saki Mitama has Protection of Horus, which decreases damage taken outside of its own turn by 60%, but increases damage taken during its own turn by 300%.\n7. If only Kushi Mitama remains on the field, it transforms into Seth and takes control of the field.
1. Kartikeya leads its army of birds to attack all at once.\n2. When Garuda and Jatayu take damage from a Phantom Thief, that Thief's damage increases by 4% for 3 turns. Stacks up to 5 times. When Horus and Yatagarasu take damage from a Phantom Thief, that Thief's pierce rate increases by 2% for 3 turns. Stacks up to 5 times.
1. King Frost will not attack, but will continously summon Jack Frost and Black Frost. When they are defeated, King Frost loses 30% HP.\n2. The longer Jack Frost and Black Frost stay on the field, the more their Attack and Defense will increase.
1. Melchizedek gains 6 stacks of Divine Protection each turn\n2. Decrease damage taken by 5% for each stack of Divine Protection.  Whenever Melchizedek takes damage from a skill or Resonance, lose 1 Divine Protection.\n3. When Melchizedek has lost all stacks of Divine Protection, give all Phantom Thieves Divine Blessing, which increases damage dealt.
1. Oni and Hell Biker share a Soul Link.\nSoul Link: Distributes all damage received between all Shadows who share this condition, based on the percentage of their current HP.\n2. Oni will target the Phantom Thief with the lowest HP.
1. Pazuzu's skills can inflict Plague Curse. Plague Curse: Deals damage equal to 5% of HP at the end of the turn.\n2. Pazuzu uses Spreading Sickness every other turn. Spreading Sickness: Inflicts 2 Plague Curse stacks on all Phantom Thieves, with a high chance of inflicting spiritual ailments.\n3. Pazuzu uses Eternal Binding every turn. Eternal Binding: Inflicts 2 Plague Curse stacks on all Phantom Thieves, and removes 1 Plague Curse stack from the target.
1. Pazuzu's skills can inflict Plague Curse. Plague Curse: Deals damage equal to 5% of HP at the end of the turn.\n2. Pazuzu uses Spreading Sickness every other turn. Spreading Sickness: Inflicts Plague Origin on 1 Black Ooze.\n3. After a Shadow with Plague Origin attacks, all Phantom Thieves are inflicted with 2 Plague Curse stacks. After being defeated, Pazuzu is inflicted with 2 Plague Curse stacks.\n4. Pazuzu uses Eternal Binding every other turn. Eternal Binding: Inflicts 2 Plague Curse stacks on all Phantom Thieves, and removes 1 Plague Curse stack from the target.
1. Pazuzu's skills can inflict Plague Curse. Plague Curse: Deals damage equal to 5% of HP at the end of the turn.\n2. Pazuzu uses Spreading Sickness every turn. Spreading Sickness: Inflicts 2 Plague Curse stacks on all Phantom Thieves, and inflicts 2 Plague Curse stacks on Pixie.\n3. Pazuzu uses Eternal Binding every turn. Eternal Binding: Inflicts 2 Plague Curse stacks on all Phantom Thieves, and removes 1 Plague Curse stack from the target.
1. Raja Naga alternates between Royal Blessing and Royal Punishment.\n2. Royal Blessing: Greatly strengthens 1 ally Shadow, and when that Shadow attacks, increases all Shadows' ailment resistance.\n3. Royal Punishment: Locks on to the Phantom Thief with the highest Attack, and deals heavy damage on the next turn. If Shadows are inflicted with a total of 15 debuffs, the lock on will be removed.
1. Raja Naga alternates between Royal Blessing and Royal Punishment.\n2. Royal Blessing: Greatly strengthens 1 Shadow, and when that Shadow attacks, it can inflict Brainwash on 1 Phantom Thief.\n3. Royal Punishment: Locks on to a Phantom Thief, and deals heavy damage on the next turn. If Shadows take damage from 4 different attribute types, the lock on will be lost.
1. Seiryu alternates between inflicting weaknesses to Psychokinesis and Nuclear. These effects last for 2 turns.\n2. When a Shadow is defeated, Seiryu gains 1 Azure Storm stack: Damage increases by 30%. When Azure Storm reaches 6 stacks, Seiryu deals heavy damage.\n3. Every 2 turns, Seiryu summons 1 Phoenix and 1 Leanan Sidhe. Phoenix uses Nuclear skills, and Leanan Sidhe uses Psychokinesis skills.
1. Seiryu alternates between inflicting weaknesses to Wind and Ice. These effects last for 2 turns.\n2. When a Shadow is defeated, Seiryu gains 1 Azure Storm stack: Damage increases by 30%. When Azure Storm reaches 6 stacks, Seiryu deals heavy damage.\n3. At the start of the turn, if there are no Sudama or Kodama on the field, 1 Sudama or Kodama will be summoned.
1. Sraosha will summon servants during the battle. When a servant is defeated, Sraosha takes Almighty damage based on the servant's max HP.\n2. Sraosha will restore all Phantom Thieves' SP each turn, but also uses Debilitate on the Phantom Thief with the highest Attack, greatly decreasing their damage.\n3. When a servant loses a Down Point, all Phantom Thieves' damage is increased by 15%. Lasts for 1 turn.
1. Take-Minakata deals more damage the lower its HP is.\n2. Take-Minakata will take 90% of the damage for other Shadows, and when it receives fatal damage, it will instead enter an Endure state, its HP will be fixed at 1, and will die after 2 turns.
1. Take-Minakata deals more damage the lower its HP is.\n2. When Take-Minakata's HP is low, it will summon 4 War God's Spirits, and after 1 turn, absorb all of them. For each one absorbed, it restores 25% of its max HP. If the Phantom Thieves defeat all of the War God's Spirits, Take-Minakata will be defeated.
1. Take-Minakata deals more damage the lower its HP is.\n2. Whenever Take-Minakata uses a skill, it loses 20% of its current HP, and gains a shield equal to 20% of its max HP.\n3. Every 3 turns, Take-Minakata summons 1 War God's Spirit. If it is defeated in 1 turn, all Phantom Thieves' Attack is increased. If it is not defeated in 1 turn, Take-Minakata absorbs the War God's Spirit, and gains a shield equal to 50% of its max HP.
1. The moon changes phases, starting with New Moon. It follows a sequence of New Moon, Waxing Crescent, Full Moon, and Waning Crescent.\n2. Depending on the phase of the moon, Thoth gains the following effects.\nNew Moon: Damage decreases by 50%, and damage taken increases by 50%.\nWaxing Crescent: Damage increases by 50%, and damage taken increases by 50%.\nFull Moon: Damage increases by 50%, and damage taken decreases by 50%.\nWaning Crescent: Damage decreases by 50%, and damage taken decreases by 50%.
1. Thoth is the god of the Moon, and Horus is the god of the Sun. They govern over day and night respectively. If Thoth is attacked, it will become night. If Horus is attacked, it will become day.\n2. During the day, Thoth's damage is decreased by 70%, and its damage taken is increased by 70%. At night, its damage is increased by 70%, and its damage taken is decreased by 70%. The effects of day and night on Horus are the opposite.
1. When Agathion is hit by an attack, the attacker gains 1 Grudge stack for 1 turn.\n2. If an Agathion's HP is less than 40% at the start of its turn, it transforms into Kumbhanda. If it is defeated, it restores the HP of all Shadows by 40%.
1. When Agathion is hit by an attack, the attacker gains 1 Grudge stack for 1 turn.\n2. If an Agathion's SP is less than 40 at the start of its turn, it transforms into Kumbhanda. If it is defeated, it restores the SP of all Shadows by 20.
1. When Angel takes damage, Anubis gains 1 Judgment of Evil stack.\n2. When Succubus takes damage, Anubis gains 1 Judgment of Good stack.\n3. Judgment of Good and Judgment of Evil cancel each other out.\n4. When either Judgment of Good or Judgment of Evil reach 5 stacks, Anubis will use Advent of Judgment, dealing heavy damage to all Phantom Thieves.
1. When Anubis receives a debuff, it gains 1 Judgment of Evil stack.\n2. When Anubis receives a buff, it gains 1 Judgment of Good stack.\n3. Judgment of Good and Judgment of Evil cancel each other out.\n4. When either Judgment of Good or Judgment of Evil reach 5 stacks, Anubis activates Advent of Judgment, dealing heavy damage to all Phantom Thieves.
1. When Anubis receives a debuff, it gains 1 Judgment of Evil stack.\n2. When Anubis receives a buff, it gains 1 Judgment of Good stack.\n3. Judgment of Good and Judgment of Evil cancel each other out.\n4. When either Judgment of Good or Judgment of Evil reach 5 stacks, Anubis will use Advent of Judgment, dealing heavy damage to all Phantom Thieves.\n5. At the start of each turn, Anubis will summon 1 Saki Mitama.
1. When Decarabia is defeated, Mara will lose a certain amount of HP.\n2. When in a weakened state, the damage inflicted on Decarabia will be added to your score.
1. When Emperor's Amulet is inflicted with a debuff, inflicts the same ailment on Unicorn and removes 1 stack of Purity.\n2. After 1 action, Emperor's Talisman disappears, and Unicorn takes damage equal to the HP that remained on Emperor's Talisman when it disappeared.
1. Yatsufusa will activate the Eight Beads of Virtue: All affinities change to Resist, damage increases, and damage taken decreases. It also summons the Four Elemental Souls. When an Elemental Soul is defeated, Yatsufusa is inflicted with the corresponding elemental ailment for 2 turns.\n2. When Yatsufusa is in the Eight Beads of Justice state and is inflicted with all 4 types of elemental ailments, the Eight Beads of Justice state is canceled and its Defense decreases.
1. Yatsufusa will activate the Eight Beads of Virtue: All affinities change to Resist, damage increases, and damage taken decreases. It also summons the Four Elemental Souls. When an Elemental Soul is defeated, Yatsufusa is inflicted with the corresponding elemental ailment for 2 turns.\n2. When Yatsufusa is in the Eight Beads of Justice state and is inflicted with all 4 types of elemental ailments, the Eight Beads of Justice state is canceled and its Defense decreases.\n3. When Yatsufusa is Weakened, all Elemental Souls vanish, and the Eight Beads of Justice state is canceled.
1. Zouchouten has Growth of all Things, and each turn grants Growth to 1 Shadow.\n2. If Jack Frost receives Growth, it becomes King Frost. If King Frost receives Growth, it becomes Black Frost, and summons 1 Jack-o'-Lantern. When Jack-o'-Lantern is defeated, Black Frost reverts to Jack Frost.
1. Zouchouten has Growth of all Things, and every turn grants Growth to 1 random Shadow and 1 random Phantom Thief. Each Growth stack increases damage dealt by 30%, but also increases damage taken by 30%.\n2. When a target with Growth is defeated, the attacker takes their Growth stacks.
1. Zouchouten has Growth of all Things, which grants Growth to 2 random Shadows each turn. Each Growth stack increases Attack by 30%.\n2. Zouchouten will absorb Growth from the Shadows every 3 turns. When it reaches 4 Growth stacks, it will unleash a powerful attack.\n3. When a Shadow with Growth is defeated, its Growth stacks disappear.
2 turns after being summoned, inflicts a healing ban on all Phantom Thieves. Lasts for 2 turns.
A "piggyback monster" of Japan that jumps on the backs of those who pass grassy paths. It is heavy and not easily removed, but will turn into gold coins if you can carry it back home.
A beautiful fairy of Irish lore that yearns for the love of a human man. She drains the life of her lovers in return for granting them artistic inspiration.
A beautiful Hindu goddess of love and one of Shiva's wives. Always by his side, she played a role in opening his third eye. She can turn into Durga or Kali when angered.
A bluish-tinged diamond that Napoleon Bonaparte had mounted to the pommel of his sword. It was named after the French Regent Philippe II, Duke of Orleans, who had purchased it in 1717.
A brave young man in Celtic myth. After defeating a fierce guard dog, he volunteered to take its place, earning him the nickname "Hound of Culann."
A Buddhist demon said to drain human life energy. He has dark skin, stands three meters tall, and sometimes changes his shape to a gourd. Known to have once served Rudra, the god of storms.
A Buddhist demon that represents the fear of death. Also known as "The Evil One," he sent his daughters to tempt Buddha during his meditations.
A Canaanite god of fire. A bronze statue of a man with a bull's head stands at his altar. The statue was heated and sacrificial children were thrown inside.
A creature of Japanese lore with a monkey's head, tiger's legs, and snake's tail. The Tale of Heike says it hid behind a dark cloud each night to attack the Emperor.
A cryptid sighted during the 60s-80s in West Virginia. It has shining red eyes and is named for the fin-like appendages on its sides. It uses its keen sense for blood to track down the source and feed on it.
A demon who tempts sleeping men and attacks infants. She is the daughter of the demoness, Lilith. Like her mother, she drains men of their essence.
A diamond stolen from a Hindu temple that is said to drive its owner to their death. It was cut into smaller pieces in an attempt to break the curse.
A divine bird-man in Hindu lore, he once fought the gods and received immortality in exchange for becoming Vishnu's carrier.
A divine creature in Japanese lore. They are three-legged birds sent by Amaterasu to help humans. They are said to have helped Emperor Jinmu claim victory.
A divine wolf god in Japanese folklore, also written as "Oguchi-no-Magami." It is often drawn on prayer boards to prevent fires and thefts, but it is also feared as a human-eater.
A dog spirit said to possess people in Japanese lore. Those possessed are in a state of "inu-tsuki" and lose consciousness. Onmyoji use Inugami as familiars.
A drunkard who tricked the Devil out of taking him to Hell. When refused entry to Heaven, he was forced to wander the earth with only an ember as a light.
A fairy in German folklore who carries a bag of magical sand, which puts humans to sleep when thrown into their eyes. If the victim resists, the Sandman will sit on their eyelids.
A fairy of England and Scotland. She carries out household chores while everyone sleeps and is a welcome spirit. It is said you can hear her silk skirt rustle as she works.
A female demon in Hindu lore. Though originally a Dravidian fertility goddess, the spread of Hinduism changed perception of her to a demonic figure. Usually depicted as a nude, voluptuous female.
A female demon of European lore in medieval times. They visit sleeping men and have sexual intercourse with them. The victims don't wake up but may dream of the encounter.
A female demon of European lore in medieval times.\nThey visit sleeping men and have sexual intercourse with them.\nThe victims don't wake up but may dream of the encounter.
A fierce guard dog that bites enemies and allies alike.
A fire giant in Norse lore. He rules the fire realm, Muspelheim, and brandishes a burning sword. At Ragnarok, he will set the world ablaze.
A general term for familiars used by Judeo-Christian magicians, they are usually sealed away in bottles, rings, or talismans. They torment the target selected by the conjuror.
A general term for familiars used by Judeo-Christian magicians,\nthey are usually sealed away in bottles, rings, or talismans.\nThey torment the target selected by the conjuror.
A giant elephant monster of Sri Lankan myth, it is typically portrayed as being ridden by the Evil One, Mara. Whoever looks into its evil eye is said to be met with misfortune.
A giant Hindu monster. Its mouth is so enormous it can swallow the Earth and the heavens in one bite. Its name means "He Who Intoxicates."
A giant snake with eight heads that Susano-o defeated to save Kushinada-Hime. The legendary sword Ame-no-Murakumo-no-Tsurugi, also known as the "Sword of Kusanagi," emerged from its belly.
A goat-headed demon that is worshipped in Black Sabbaths. His name can be used as a catch-all term for demons in general. He would become an object of worship for witches.
A god in Assyrian legend, his name is interchangeable with Sakkut, another incarnation of the star-god, Saturn.
A god in Assyrian legend, his name is interchangeable with Sakkut,\nanother incarnation of the star-god, Saturn.
A goddess of death and destruction. She is said to be another face of Parvati. She is violent, wears a string of skulls,and carries bloody weapons, but she also blesses her followers.
A half-human, half-snake female monster of Greek myth, she was once the queen of Libya. Zeus's jealous wife, Hera, killed her children, causing her to go mad and transform into a monster.
A hero in Celtic folklore. He was called Setanta until he earned the name, "Culann's Hound." There are many tales of his adventures. He received his spear, Gae Bolg, from his mentor, Scathach.
A Hindu demon. He is an enemy of the gods and attacks humans to feed off of them. His hideous appearance strikes fear into those who see him. Rakshasa shape-shifts to deceive his enemies.
A Hindu demon. He is an enemy of the gods and attacks humans to feed off of them.\nHis hideous appearance strikes fear into those who see him. Rakshasa shape-shifts to deceive his enemies.
A Hindu god of war, known as Skanda or Murugan. He ridesatop a peacock called Paravani,with bow and arrow drawn. He commands the army of the gods and defeated the forces of Asura.
A holy beast said to protect houses from evil and bring good fortune. They look similar to Shinto guardian dogs, but are actually modeled after a lion. There are many stories about it in Ryukyu lore.
A holy beast said to protect houses from evil and bring good fortune.\nThey look similar to Shinto guardian dogs, but are actually modeled after a lion. There are many stories about it in Ryukyu lore.
A horse-like fairy of Celtic folklore that lives by the water. It drowns those who ride on it, but is a valuable mount if you can tame it.
A Jack Frost that yearned for evil. This powerful demon is born when a cute Jack Frost remembers its demonic nature.
A Jack Frost that yearned for evil. This powerful demon is born when a cute Jack Frost remembers its nature as a demon.
A Japanese general of the Genpei War near the end of the Heian era and start of the Kamakura era. His bold ingenuity and ruthless skill with a blade are still praised in Japan today.
A Japanese god of war, hunting and fertility. He fought Take-Mikazuchi for control of Japan and lost. He escaped to Suwa, but has been prohibited to leave since then.
A Japanese goddess. She governs fields and fertility. All of her sisters were sacrificed to Yamata-no-Orochi, but she was saved by Susano-o and became his wife.
A Kunitsu deity in Japanese mythology that governs agriculture and medicine. He's said to have built the country of Izumo with Susano-o's daughter, Suseri-Hime.
A legendary white horse with a single spiral horn. It can only be tamed by a pure maiden, and its horn supposedly has miraculous healing capabilities.
A magical plant whose roots look like a human. They are valued for their healing properties in potions, but the screams they let out when pulled from the ground will kill anyone who hears them.
A male demon of European lore in medieval times. They visit sleeping women and have sexual intercourse with them. The resulting children become witches or wizards.
A mass of malevolent intent and emotion that failed to become a true demon. All it does is eat, prey, and grow.
A master sportsman who entertains the audience in exchange for his own life: one mistake can mean death. Some believe that matadors who die while performing remain in this world.
A monk who died while fasting, his spiritual power allows his body to continue to exist without rotting. It is said that he will appear before people on the day of salvation.
A monstrous, fire spitting, Japanese bird with a man's face. It is actually a corpse that was not given a proper memorial service. They appear before monks who neglect their duties.
A motorcyclist whose violent nature turned him into a demon. His anger with himself and the world causes him to lash out, that everyone else would suffer as well.
A mysterious blond girl. She is quite powerful, despite her looks. Some say she is the ghost of a girl who died a sad death. Others say she is a spirit born from someone's imagination.
A mysterious god of ancient Japan. Most famously worshipped by Nagasunehiko, who was defeated in battle against Emperor Jinmu, Arahabaki came to be treated as a symbol of rebellion and defiance.
A mysterious painting. Only the left eye is depicted in the frame. It appears to be based on a famous artist's self-portrait, but it is not a perfect replica.
A mysterious painting. The enormous frame depicts only a nose, which is reminiscent of a certain Palace ruler, but even a casual viewer can tell it is a fake.
A mysterious painting. The frame depicts only the fierce gaze of a gigantic right eye. It appears to be the self-portrait of a famous artist, but it's merely a poor reproduction.
A mysterious painting. The frame depicts only the mouth, but from the crooked teeth, it appears to be an amateurish imitation of a famous Palace ruler.
A mysterious Shadow found in the Dam Palace. Its body is covered in mechanical equipment, and it seems to have its own thoughts and goals, unlike other Shadows. While its combat ability is not especially strong, it has other abilities that make it quite troublesome.
A mystical creature in Balinese lore, it represents good and is Rangda's eternal rival. Even if defeated, it will be reborn. The result is a never-ending struggle.
A Norse giantess called the "snow-shoe goddess" and the embodiment of winter. According to legend, all the gods will return to her at the end of Ragnarok.
A one-eyed, one-legged monster said to live deep in the mountains of Kumano, Japan. It's believed to be the degraded blacksmith god, Ame no Me-Hitotsu no Kami.
A Persona of another story.\nOne of the ancient gods who existed before Japan was formed.\nHe created the Oyashima from chaos, then gave birth to countless children and laid the foundation of soil and nature.
A powerful enemy that appeared in a mysterious Palace. At first glance, it appears to be a Palace ruler, but its true nature is something different. While Palace rulers protect their precious treasures, Raga simply guards the Core out of pure greed. In order to claim the Core, Raga took the form of a former Palace ruler as his own.
A primitive monster with a viscous body. There are various theories as to its origin, but it is still under debate. Said to compulsively collect shiny objects.
A projector Shadow Miyazawa placed in the vicinity.
A prophetic Taoist god, originally known as Mao Shogun. Due to a linguistic error involving the Chinese word for "cat," his name was changed to Neko Shogun.
A Shadow taking the form of Cupid. His wings of lust and pitching machine full of pleasure are a manifestation of his Desire, which has grown to unimaginable power. Before a crowd of cheering fans, he throws his famous pitch that drives teammates wild and throws his opponent off-guard. A true MVP, he's always the center of attention in the stadium.
A snake with a rainbow body from Murngin lore. He is a fertility deity who controls the weather and resides in a holy pond filled with rainbow-colored water.
A snake with a rainbow body from Yolngu lore. He is a fertility deity who controls the weather and resides in a holy pond filled with rainbow-colored water.
A spirit of Chinese folklore who dwells in trees once used for hangings. She is smaller than a human and cannot speak, but her voice is said to be as clear and as beautiful as a bird's song.
A spirit of rivers and mountains in Japanese lore, it dwells in ancient trees and ageless rocks. They are not evil, and will often appear as humans or supernatural wonders to warn people.
A spirit of rivers and mountains in Japanese lore,\nit dwells in ancient trees and ageless rocks.\nThey are not evil, and will often appear as humans or supernatural wonders to warn people.
A stunt double that looks like Hiromu Miyazawa in the cognitive world.
A sun deity who was worshipped in the Roman Empire from the 1st to the 4th century AD. He was said to be reborn after death, and a festival was held on the winter solstice for him.
A sword Shadow Miyazawa summoned.
A type of tengu said to have lived on Mt. Kurama in Kyoto. The most powerful and well-known of the tengu, they have the power to fend off disease and bring good fortune.
A type of tengu. Their spiritual power is weaker than other tengu, so they are much smaller. They are said to be the reincarnations of long-lived wolves.
A War God Spirit summoned by Take-Minakata.
A warrior woman of the Land of Shadows in Celtic lore. She taught the hero, Cu Chulainn, the art of war and gave him the spear, Gae Bolg.
A Welsh creature commonly known as "Bugbear" or the "Boogeyman." Its existence is often used by mothers to scare children into behaving.
A wicked witch of Balinese lore, she represents evil and is Barong's eternal rival. Even if defeated, she will come back to life, and their battle will have no end.
A winter fairy of European descent. He leaves ice patterns on windows and nips people's noses. Though normally an innocent creature, he will freeze his victims to death if provoked.
A young man of Greek myth. He rejected the nymph Echo, who faded to a whisper out of despair. Cursed by Nemesis, he fell in love with his own reflection and wasted away.
Abaddon
Adapting Dummy
After being defeated, all Phantom Thieves' Almighty damage increases.
After being defeated, all Phantom Thieves' Bless damage increases.
After being defeated, all Phantom Thieves' Curse damage increases.
After being defeated, all Phantom Thieves' Electric damage increases.
After being defeated, all Phantom Thieves' Fire damage increases.
After being defeated, all Phantom Thieves' Gun damage increases.
After being defeated, all Phantom Thieves' Ice damage increases.
After being defeated, all Phantom Thieves' Nuclear damage increases.
After being defeated, all Phantom Thieves' Physical damage increases.
After being defeated, all Phantom Thieves' Psy damage increases.
After being defeated, all Phantom Thieves' Psychokinesis damage increases.
After being defeated, all Phantom Thieves' Wind damage increases.
All-out Catch Attack, Precise Damage
Ally Buff
Ally Special Effects (Multi-Target Damage)
Also known as Charlemagne's talisman, it is said to make its owner an emperor. In between the two gems is a piece of Jesus' cross and a hair of the Virgin Mary.
Also known as Dhritarashtra, he is the protector of the East, and is one of the four Heavenly Kings of Buddhist origin. He helps maintain the security of the nation.
Also known as Kishimojin, she once ate children, but stopped after Buddha changed her ways. She now eats pomegranates and is a goddess of parenting.
Also known as Tamonten and Vaishravana in Buddhist lore, he is the strongest of the Heavenly Kings. He protects the North and is the god of war.
Also known as the Stone of Destiny,it is a stone used in the coronations of Scotland's monarchs. Legends say the stone is linked to angels.
Also known as Virudhaka, he is the protector of the South, and is one of the four Heavenly Kings of Buddhist origin. He is the god of the five grains, and was once the chief of the gods.
Also known as Virupaksha, he is the protector of the West, and is one of the four Heavenly Kings of Buddhist origin. He keeps a close watch on the world with his sharp gaze.
An ancient god of Egypt whose eyes are the sun and moon. Revered by some as the chief god, he is often depicted as a hawk or a falcon.
An ancient Out-Of-Place-Artifact found in Central and South America. It is said that if you collect 13 of them in one spot, the truth of the universe will be revealed.
An ancient Persian god of contracts. He was also revered as a harvest-bringing sun god when he was introduced to the Zoroastrian religion.
An angel of Gnosticism, governing over peace and righteousness. Though said to be the savior of the angels, he used to be a human, the king of Salem.
An Avatar of Arms.
An Avatar of many Arms.
An Aztec deity known as the Feathered Serpent. He created humans with his own blood and taught them how to sustain themselves.
An evil creature with two curving horns from European folklore. It represents impurity, unlike the Unicorn. Said to be derived from Re'em in the Bible. Another legend says that it feeds off of loyal husbands.
An evil deity of Mesopotamian folklore with an eagle's body and lion's head. While the god Enlil purified himself, Anzu stole the Tablets of Destiny from him.
An evil deity of Mesopotamian folklore with an eagle's body and lion's head.\nWhile the god Enlil purified himself, Anzu stole the Tablets of Destiny from him.
An evil dragon that gnaws on the roots of Yggdrasil, the World Tree. It rules over the evil snakes that live there. Capable of surviving Ragnarok by feeding on the slain corpses that drift to it.
An evil monster from Japanese lore known for its hideous visage and brute strength. They loot and plunder villages, massacring the townspeople with their iron clubs. They have horns on their heads, red skin, long claws, and razor-sharp teeth.
An evil monster from Japanese lore known for its hideous visage and brute strength.\nThey loot and plunder villages, massacring the townspeople with their iron clubs.\nThey have horns on their heads, red skin, long claws, and razor-sharp teeth.
An exceptionally powerful shikigami. Only the most elite onmyoji are able to summon and bind it to paper. It can ward off disaster or cure illness, but its ordinary temperament is quite vicious.
Angels that sound the trumpets at the time of the apocalypse. As each trumpet sounds, the more plagues and disasters will occur, turning the earth into a land of death and suffering.
Armor Supply Chief
Armor Supply Staff
Asterius
At the start of the battle, Kikuri-Hime activates Border of Life and Death, greatly reducing the HP of all Phantom Thieves and activating Arbitration - Survival for 2 turns.\nAfterwards, it activates Arbitration - Attack and Arbitration - Support for all Phantom Thieves. In addition, every 2 turns, Kikuri-Hime will use a random Arbiter's Power on the Phantom Thieves, preventing them from taking certain actions.\nIf the Phantom Thieves defy the arbitration, they gain 1 Seal of Mortality, and if they gain 2 seals, they are KO'd.\nArbitration - Survival: Healing and Defense skills or Highlights must not be used.\nArbitration - Attack: Attack skills or Highlights must not be used.\nArbitration - Support: Buff and Debuff skills or Highlights must not be used.\nIf all Phantom Thieves obey the arbitration, Kikuri-Hime will grant all Phantom Thieves a damage increase effect.
Atavaka
Avatar of Arms
Avatar of Gathering
Avid Kiuchi Fan
Baal
Beelzebub
Blazing Viper
Bless Serpent
Byakko's Afterimage
Causes the Phantom Thieves to lose SP each turn. When defeated, the Phantom Thieves regain SP.
Cerberus summons an endless series of servants to fight. When a servant is defeated, Cerberus takes Almighty damage. After a set number of turns, SP is restored to all Phantom Thieves.
Chief Strategist
Clock
Clotho uses Moirai Binding to grant a random Phantom Thief the Thread of Fate.
Club Security Guard
Corporobo MDL-AM
Corporobo MDL-CH
Corporobo MDL-CH will use Overtime Order on the Shadow with the highest Attack, granting it an extra turn.
Corporobo MDL-DM
Corporobo MDL-DM will use Performance Evaluation on the Shadow with the lowest Attack, increasing its Attack, and promoting it to a Corporobo MDL-AM after 2 turns.
Corporobo MDL-ED
Corporobo MDL-ED will use Team-Building Exercise to drain all other Shadows' HP to strengthen itself.
Corporobo MDL-GM
Corporobo MDL-GM uses skills to buff and heal Shadows.
Corporobo MDL-WKR
Corrupt Producer's Shadow
Counterattacking Dummy
Courageous Spirit
Crown of Desire
Crystal Skull
Cupid Cheerleader 1
Cupid Cheerleader 2
Curse Serpent
Damage dealt to the Jack-o'-Lanterns is added to your score.
Damage Down Healing Dummy
Decrease (Large)
Decrease (Small)
Delusional Girl
Demonic governor of the deadly sin of sloth. He also excels at invention and discovery. May be derived from Ba'al Pe'or, Syrian god of abundant crops.
Demonic Lord of the Flies whose insect minions carry souls for him to control. He is mentioned in the Bible as a leader of evil spirits and is seen as a powerful demon.
Devoted Girl
Dominion continuously summons waves of Angels. You can restore SP when you defeat an Angel.\nWhen you deal damage to a summoned Angel, your score increases.
Dominion will summon continuous waves of Angels. When an Angel is defeated, SP is restored.\nWhen Dominion is weakened, damage dealt to Angels is added to your score.
During battle, Kohryu will summon Shadows of Seiryu, Byakko, Suzaku, and Genbu. When a Shadow is summoned, its corresponding Might is granted to all Shadows on the field. When a Shadow is defeated, the Shadows lose that Might and it is granted to all Phantom Thieves instead.\nSeiryu's Might: Grants a Shield equal to 10% of max HP every turn.\nByakko's Might: Increases Attack by 20%.\nSuzaku's Might: Increases damage dealt by 20%.\nGenbu's Might: Increases Defense by 20%.
Dvesha's Left Eye
Dvesha's Mouth
Dvesha's Nose
Dvesha's Right Eye
Each time a certain number of turns pass, Melchizedek changes its affinities, decreasing its damage taken. It also summons a servant. When the servant is defeated, the Phantom Thieves' critical rate and critical damage are increased.
Each turn the Four Heavenly Kings will focus their Death Stare on 1 Phantom Thief. They will prioritize attacking the Phantom Thief under the Death Stare. By using Taunt skills, a Phantom Thief can transter the Death Stare to themselves.
Each turn the Four Heavenly Kings will focus their Death Stare on 1 random Phantom Thief. They will prioritize attacking the Phantom Thief under the Death Stare.
Each turn, Asura inflicts Vajra Curse on the 2 Phantom Thieves with the highest Attack, greatly decreasing their damage.
Each turn, Kikuri-Hime will use a random Arbiter's Power on the Phantom Thieves, preventing them from taking certain actions.\nIf the Phantom Thieves defy the arbitration, they gain 1 Seal of Mortality, and if they gain 2 seals, they are KO'd.\nArbitration - Survival: Healing and Defense skills or Highlights must not be used.\nArbitration - Attack: Attack skills or Highlights must not be used.\nArbitration - Support: Buff and Debuff skills or Highlights must not be used.\nIf all Phantom Thieves obey the arbitration, Kikuri-Hime will grant all Phantom Thieves a damage increase effect.
Each turn, Sandman will put 1 random Shadow to Sleep for 2 turns.
Each turn, this Dogu will change to a different type at random and activate its special skill.\nWeakness Dogu: Protects Arahabaki's weakness.\nSP Dogu: Causes the Phantom Thieves to lose SP each turn.\nHP Dogu: Restores Arahabkaki's HP each turn.\nProgress Dogu: Increases Arahabaki's Progress each turn.
Egyptian moon god that takes the form of a baboon, he is the one who measures time. He gave Isis the power to resurrect Osiris after he was killed by the evil god Seth.
Eighth of the nine orders of angels. Their duty is to minister to humans and deliver messages. They are warriors of Heaven and lead Heaven's forces during battle with the armies of evil.
Electric Soul
Emperor's Amulet
Enemy Buff
Enemy Special Effects (Multi-Target Damage)
Enraged Frost 1
Enraged Frost 2
Enraged Frost Damages Others
Every 3 turns, Kikuri-Hime will activate Bond of Death, randomly KO'ing 1 Phantom Thief. It also uses a random Arbiter's Power on the other Phantom Thieves, preventing them from taking certain actions.\nIf the Phantom Thieves defy the arbitration, they gain 1 Seal of Mortality, and if they gain 2 seals, they are KO'd.\nArbitration - Survival: Healing and Defense skills or Highlights must not be used.\nArbitration - Attack: Attack skills or Highlights must not be used.\nArbitration - Support: Buff and Debuff skills or Highlights must not be used.\nIf all Phantom Thieves obey the arbitration, Kikuri-Hime will revive the KO'd Phantom Thief.
Evil spirits of Murngin lore believed to be reborn shadows. They kidnap and eat children, and strike down any sorcerer who uses black magic.
Evil spirits of Murngin lore believed to be reborn shadows.\nThey kidnap and eat children,\nand strike down any sorcerer who uses black magic.
Explosive Guard
Feeble Guard
Fence
Flame Soul
Friendly fairies of the forest that tend to hide from humans. They like to play tricks on lazy people. It is said they are the souls of dead, unbaptized children.
Fujikawa Family Servant
Futsunushi
Genbu alternates between two skills, High Tide and Ebb Tide.\n1. Ebb Tide: Inflicts Submerged on 2 Phantom Thieves. Clears all Shadows from the battle and summons 2 Decarabias and 2 Yurlungurs.\n2. High Tide: Deals damage to all Phantom Thieves, and inflicts Submerged on 1 Phantom Thief.\n3. Submerged: Deals damage equal to 10% of max HP at the end of each turn. Lasts 4 turns. Stackable.
Genbu alternates between two skills, High Tide and Ebb Tide.\n1. Ebb Tide: Inflicts Submerged on 2 Phantom Thieves. Clears all Shadows from the battle and summons 2 Decarabias and 2 Yurlungurs.\n2. High Tide: Deals damage to all Phantom Thieves, and inflicts Submerged on 1 Phantom Thief.\n3. Submerged: Deals damage equal to 12.5% of max HP at the end of each turn. Lasts 4 turns. Stackable.
Genbu alternates between two skills, High Tide and Ebb Tide.\n1. Ebb Tide: Inflicts Submerged on 2 Phantom Thieves. Clears all Shadows from the battle and summons 2 Decarabias and 2 Yurlungurs.\n2. High Tide: Deals damage to all Phantom Thieves, and inflicts Submerged on 1 Phantom Thief.\n3. Submerged: Deals damage equal to 17.5% of max HP at the end of each turn. Lasts 4 turns. Stackable.
Giants born from Uranus and Gaia. The name means "those with a hundred arms." During the war of the Titans, Zeus freed them from the Underworld to help him obtain victory.
Glacial Viper
Goddesses of fate in Norse lore. They live below the roots of Yggdrasil and weave the threads of fate, which even the gods are bound by.
Gun Attack Fleeing Frost
Half-snake, half-human divine beings in Hindu lore, worshipped as bringers of rain. They live in the bottoms of lakes and seas, singing and dancing when they are not fighting.
Half-snake, half-human divine beings in Hindu lore, worshipped as bringers of rain.\nThey live in the bottoms of lakes and seas, singing and dancing when they are not fighting.
Hell Biker alternates between using Hellfire and Cleansing Flame.\n1. Hellfire: Deal heavy Fire damage to all Phantom Thieves. Inflict Hellscorched if the target's HP is decreased. Hellscorched: Take damage equal to 35% of max HP each turn.\n2. Cleansing Flame: Deal heavy Fire damage to the Phantom Thief with the highest Attack. Permanently decrease the target's Attack by 50%. Increase Hell Biker's Attack by 30%.
Hindu deities of passion and relations. They are Kali's attendants. They eat human flesh and gather at graveyards and crematories each night. Their name means "sky dancer."
Hindu water spirits, they are beautiful young women who dance for the gods. They also guide heroes fallen in battle to paradise.
Hiromu "Aegipan" Miyazawa
Hiromu Miyazawa's form in the cognitive world. His appearance reflects his distorted desires.
Holy Heart
Hope Diamond
HP Dogu
Ice Soul
If Cu Chulainn is defeated, Valkryie gains the following effect: After attacking, all Phantom Thieves' damage taken increases for 2 turns. Stacks up to 3 times.
If Cu Chulainn is defeated, Valkryie gains the following effect: When using a skill, all Phantom Thieves are inflicted with Army of Ruin: Take 30% of max HP as damage after each action. Stacks up to 3 times.
If defeated, 1 Submerged stack will be be removed from all Phantom Thieves. If not defeated by the time Ebb Tide begins, 1 Submerged stack will be inflicted on all Phantom Thieves.
If defeated, 1 Submerged stack will be be removed from all Phantom Thieves. If not defeated by the time Ebb Tide begins, 2 Submerged stacks will be inflicted on all Phantom Thieves.
If defeated, 1 Submerged stack will be be removed from all Phantom Thieves. If not defeated by the time Ebb Tide begins, 3 Submerged stacks will be inflicted on all Phantom Thieves.
If defeated, all Phantom Thieves heal 20% of their max HP, and decrease all Shadows' Defense for 2 turns.\nIf not defeated by the time Ebb Tide begins, all Shadows heal 20% of their max HP.
If defeated, all Phantom Thieves heal 20% of their max HP, and decrease all Shadows' Defense for 2 turns.\nIf not defeated by the time Ebb Tide begins, all Shadows heal 40% of their max HP.
If defeated, all Phantom Thieves heal 20% of their max HP, and decrease all Shadows' Defense for 2 turns.\nIf not defeated by the time Ebb Tide begins, all Shadows heal 60% of their max HP.
If Narcissus is defeated, Valkryie gains the following effect: When using a skill, it performs a follow-up attack on all Phantom Thieves. Stacks up to 3 times.
If Narcissus is defeated, Valkryie gains the following effect: When using a skill, it performs a follow-up attack on the Phantom Thief with the lowest HP.
If Setanta is defeated, Valkryie gains the following effect: After using a skill, its own Attack greatly increases for 2 turns. Stacks up to 3 times.
If Setanta is defeated, Valkryie gains the following effect: Recover 20% of max HP at the end of each turn. Stacks up to 3 times.
In Zoroastrian lore, Sraosha's duty is to listen to the cry of humans for Ahura Mazda. He is also known to descend after sunset to vanquish evil. His name literally means "observance."
Increase (Large)
Increase (Small)
Increases Arahabaki's Progress each turn. When defeated, Arahabaki's Progress decreases.
Izanagi
Japanese goddess of entertainment, she governs many sacred dances. She is most famous for luring out Amaterasu, who had barricaded herself inside a cave.
Japanese plant spirits born from trees that have lived for a hundred years. Cutting down one of these trees is said to cause misfortune.
Jikokuten's Spirit
Jikokuten's spirit. Defeating it will weaken him.
Kali
Kartikeya
Kiskil-lilla's Lower-Left Wing
Kiskil-lilla's Lower-Right Wing
Kiskil-lilla's Upper-Left Wing
Kiskil-lilla's Upper-Right Wing
Kiuchi's personal cheerleader born from his cognition. She exists solely to cheer him on.
Known as the Gold Dragon, it reigns over the Ssu-Ling, celestial creatures of Chinese lore. It is located at the center of the four beasts.
Koh-i-Noor
Koumokuten's loyal pet, who fights by his side.
Kumi "Kiskil-lilla" Katayama
Lilith
Long-lived cats are said to become these malevolent cat demons. Their powers vary according to how long they have lived, ranging from shape-shifting to controlling the dead.
Matador's Spirit
Mechanical Shadow
Medical Supply Chief
Medical Supply Staff
Metamorphosis Dogu
Metatron's twin brother in Judeo-Christian lore, he is the master of heavenly songs. It is said that a human would take 500 years to walk the length of his body.
Michiko Fujikawa
Monkey Spirit
Multi-Ally Healing
Multi-Target Damage
Multi-Target Debuff
Nidhoggr
Ninth of the nineorders of angels.They are closest in nature to humans.They watch over individuals and warn those who stray from the path.
No Details
Normal Attack Fleeing Frost
Novice Frost
Nuclear Serpent
Once called the world's largest diamond, it was cut when it came to the British royal family. It is said to bring bad luck to any man who wears it, so only the females have ever adorned it.
One of the 72 demons of the Goetia, he is known as the President of Hell. He can shape-shift from leopard to human and reveal the truth behind divine mysteries.
One of the 72 demons of the Goetia, this demon appears as a pentacle. Keeper of jewels and herbal lore, Decarabia is said to have the ability to shape-shift at will.
One of the 72 demons of the Goetia. He appears as a leopard and can see the past and future. He can control fire and burn all his adversaries to death.
One of the 72 demons of the Goetia. He looks like a knight and has the power to see things to come. He also knows much about war.
One of the 72 demons of the Goetia. Known as the Duke of Hell, he rides a gigantic horse and burns those without manners.
One of the 72 demons of the Goetia. Known as the Prince of Hell, he appears as a horse and answers questions of the past, present, and future. He is faithful to his conjurer.
One of the 72 demons of the Goetia. The great Marquis of Hell, he appears where there is battle to stoke the hatred within soldiers. He helps defeat the enemies of those who summon him.
One of the eight Yashaou. His domain is war and protection. Once a child-eating demon, he became one of the greatest of the Wisdom Kings after the Buddha converted him to good.
One of the four aspects of Shinto thought, it brings great bounty from the hunt. It is said to aid in love, profit, and growth, and can create new paths.
One of the four aspects of Shinto thought, it has the power to grant ferocity. It is said to aid in one's bravery, growth, and endeavors, though it can lead in a negative direction.
One of the four aspects of Shinto thought, it has the\npower to grant ferocity. It is said to aid in one's\nbravery, growth, and endeavors, though it can lead in a negative direction.
One of the four aspects of Shinto thought, it uses its power to bring blessings related to healing illnesses and staying healthy. It is said to have supernatural powers and cause mysterious events.
One of the four aspects of Shinto thought, it works gently to help maintain a calm mind. It is said to aid in one's relations and sociability, and can lead one in a positive direction.
One of the Four Horsemen of the Apocalypse, he rides a black horse and carries scales. He brings famine and has the right to end lives through suffering.
One of the Four Horsemen of the Apocalypse, he rides a pale horse and represents death. He has the power to destroy life.
One of the Four Horsemen of the Apocalypse, he rides a red horse and carries a great sword. He has the power to destroy peace and make men slay one another.
One of the Four Horsemen of the Apocalypse, he rides a white horse with a bow in hand. A crown was granted to him, and he promises victory.
One of the four major archangels, he is at the top of the angelic hierarchy. He carries a long spear that can cut through anything, and his name means "one who is like God."
One of the four major archangels, his name means "healer." He recites the history of the fallen angels and the creation of Adam and Eve.
One of the four major archangels. She is also the only female angel at this rank. Her name comes from the Sumerian word for "governor." She is the angel who told Mary of her pregnancy.
One of the four oni controlled by Fujiwara no Chikata, it can cause floods with the swing of its arms. In the Taiheiki, Ki no Tomoo expelled the oni by reading a Japanese poem.
One of the four oni controlled by Fujiwara no Chikata, it sends hurricanes to blow away its enemies. Some say that Fuu-ki is the original ninja.
One of the four oni controlled by Fujiwara no Chikata, it sends hurricanes to blow away its enemies. Some say that Fuu-Ki is the original ninja.
One of the four oni controlled by Fujiwara no Chikata, its body is so hard that no weapons can penetrate it. It and its comrades fell into hell through holes that can still be found in modern Iga.
One of the four oni controlled by Fujiwara no Chikata. By eliminating its aura and preventing others from sensing its presence, it is able to surprise its enemies.
One of the fourmajor archangels. His name means "Flame of God," and he knows all the celestial phenomena. He is the first angel Satan met on earth.
One of the major Hindu gods, he is known as the Destroyer, but is also related to regeneration. His wife is Parvati.
One of the major Hindu gods, he is the preserver and protector of the universe. Legends claim that he will make ten appearances across time and space to strike down evil and uphold justice.
One of the Ssu-Ling, celestial creatures of Chinese myth. It is a giant bird that is said to chirp in five beautiful voices. It represents the direction south, the season of summer, and the element of fire.
One of the Ssu-Ling, celestial creatures of Chinese myth. It represents the direction north, the season of winter, and the element of water. Known to be a great warrior, it supports the Earth from below.
One of the Ssu-Ling, celestial creatures of Chinese myth. It represents the direction west, the season of autumn, and the element of metal. He is believed to be the king of all beasts.
One of Vishnu's avatars.
One of Yamata-no-Orochi's heads, with dominion over Blessings.
One of Yamata-no-Orochi's heads, with dominion over Curses.
One of Yamata-no-Orochi's heads, with dominion over Nuclear.
One of Yamata-no-Orochi's heads, with dominion over Psychokinesis.
Ongyo-Ki
Orlov
Osiris's wife as well as his younger sister. Upon the death of her husband, she revived him with her incredible magic power. Isis is seen at many gravesites as the guardian goddess of the dead.
Oumitsunu
Piggytron
Player Sato
Progress Dogu
Projector
Protects Arahabaki's weakness. When defeated, several of Arahabaki's affinities change to Weak.
Psychokinesis Serpent
Queen's Necklace
Quetzalcoatl forms a Soul Link with all Yurlungurs.\nSoul Link: Distributes all damage received between all Shadows who share this condition, based on the percentage of their current HP.
Raga 1
Raga 2
Raga's Minion (Dazed) Drain
Raga's Minion (Down) Null
Raga's Minion (Flee) Repel
Raga's Minion (Flee) Resist
Raja Naga alternates between the following skills.\n1. Royal Decree: Grants 3 Royal Shield stacks to all Shadows.\nRoyal Shield: Decreases damage taken by 15% (stacks up to 5 times). Lose 1 stack when damaged by a skill, Resonance, or Highlight.\n2. Royal Punishment: Locks on to a Phantom Thief, and deals severe damage on the next turn. Remove Lock On if Raja Naga takes damage a total of 15 times from a skill, Resonance, or Highlight while locked on.\n3. Other Nagas cannot be defeated while Raja Naga is on the field.
Raja Naga uses the following skills.\n1. Royal Decree: Grants 3 Royal Shield stacks to all Shadows.\nRoyal Shield: Decreases damage taken by 15% (stacks up to 5 times). Loses 1 stack when damaged by a skill, Resonance, or Highlight.\n2. Royal Punishment: Locks on to a Phantom Thief and deals severe damage on the next turn. Removes Lock On if Raja Naga takes damage a total of 20 times from a skill, Resonance, or Highlight while locked on.\n3. Royal Blessing: When any Naga (excluding user) has 25% or more of max HP, greatly increases target Naga's damage. Then restores all Nagas' HP (excluding user) by 50%.\n4. At the start of each turn, Raja Naga automatically gains 1 Royal Shield stack.\n5. Other Nagas cannot be defeated while Raja Naga is on the field.
Raja Naga uses the following skills.\n1. Royal Decree: Grants 3 Royal Shield stacks to all Shadows.\nRoyal Shield: Decreases damage taken by 15% (stacks up to 5 times). Loses 2 stack when damaged by a skill, Resonance, or Highlight.\n2. Royal Punishment: Locks on to a Phantom Thief and deals severe damage on the next turn. Removes Lock On if Raja Naga takes damage a total of 25 times from a skill, Resonance, or Highlight while locked on.\n3. Royal Blessing: When any Naga (excluding user) has 25% or more of max HP, greatly increases target Naga's damage. Then restores all Nagas' HP (excluding user) by 50%.\n4. At the start of each turn, Raja Naga automatically gains 1 Royal Shield stack.\n5. Other Nagas cannot be defeated while Raja Naga is on the field.
Raphael
Regent
Repeller of evil found at Kinpusen by En-no-Ozunu. Believed to be a fusion of Buddha, Guanyin, and Maitreya, he's a god who originated from Japan rather than the Buddhavacana.
Restores Arahabkaki's HP each turn. When defeated, the Phantom Thieves regain HP.
Sacrificial Pyrekeeper
Said to have been Adam's first wife, she desired to be his equal and refused to obey him. She was cast out of Eden and became a demon of the night. She is the mother of the demoness, Lilim.
Secret Keeper
Security Captain
Security Chief
Security Guard
Serpent's Tail
Seven days after its birth, a wolf killed its mother. Yoshizane Satomi later promised his daughter's hand if it could defeat the enemy, but after Yatsufusa's success, Yoshizane's retainer shot it dead.
Shade of Byakko
Shade of Genbu
Shade of Seiryu
Shade of Suzaku
Shadow Akana
Shadow Akashi
Shadow Furukawa
Shadow Hoshino
Shadow Katayama
Shadow Kiuchi
Shadow Kiuchi completely distorted by desire. Having lost all sense of self, he can no longer maintain a human form.
Shadow Miyazawa completely distorted by desire. Having lost all sense of self, he can no longer maintain a human form.
Shadow Miyazawa Stunt Double
Shadow Mr. Sahara
Shadow Mrs. Sahara
Shadow Owada
Shadow Oya
Shadow Sawada
Shadow Takahashi
Shadow Takayama
Shadow Yamaguchi
Shadow Yamazaki
Shadow Yoshinaga
Shadows
Shiva
Single Ally Buff
Single Ally Healing
Single Target Buff
Single Target Damage
Single-Target Debuff
Sinner of Gluttony
Sinner of Vanity's Left Eye
Sinner of Vanity's Mouth
Sinner of Vanity's Nose
Skill Fleeing Frost
Small human-like creatures that have kind, calm personalities. Once coexisting with the Ainu people of Japan, there was a falling out at some point, and they disappeared.
Snake Spirit
SP Dogu
Spirit of Fate I
Spirit of Fate II
Spirit of Fate III
Spirit of Fate IV
Sraosha
Standby Wooden Dummy
Stone of Scone
Sturdy Guard
Sword of Vanity
Take-Minakata
Takeyuki "Cupid" Kiuchi
Takeyuki Kiuchi's form in the cognitive world. His appearance reflects his distorted desires.
Tanuki Spirit
Tech Staff A
Tech Staff B
Tech Staff C
Tech Staff D
Tech Staff E
Tech Staff F
Tech Staff G
Tech Staff H
Tech Staff J
Tech Staff K
The "Destroyer" and "Angel of the Bottomless Pit" as described in ancient scriptures. He controls locusts, using them to cause massive destruction to villages.
The Babylonian lord of wind and scorching sands. He has the body of a man, a lion's head, the claws and wings of an eagle, and has a deadly poison. The diseases he spreads can only be cured with magic.
The chief Semitic god who governs over fertility. He is the god of Canaan and brother and consort to the goddess Anat, who saved him from Mot.
The diamond necklace that Jeanne de la Motte swindled from jewelers in 1785 by claiming it was on behalf of the Queen of France, Marie Antoinette.
The Egyptian god of the desert, chaos, and evil. He murdered his brother, Osiris, and tried to become chief god, but he was castrated by Osiris's son, Horus.
The eldest of the three Moirae Sisters of Greek mythology. She cuts the threads of life for those whose time has come.
The fairy queen in Celtic myth. Often identified with Titania. She would offer mead mixed with her blood to her many consorts.
The first time Decarabia is attacked each turn, it will counterattack, targeting all Shadows.
The fourth of the nine orders of angels. Their duty is to oversee the other angels. Their actions are the manifestation of God's will.
The general of Hell. He keeps watch over other demons. One of Hell's greatest necromancers, he can control souls and corpses.
The goddess of life in Shinto myth. She once mediated between Izanagi and Izanami during their confrontation in Yomi, the land of the dead.
The Greek god of wine and theater. He was originally a god of life protecting the mountains of Thrace. He taught humans how to make wine.
The guardian hound who prevents anyone from entering or exiting the underworld in Greek lore. It was born from Typhon and Echidna, and is the older brother of Orthrus.
The Hindu elephant-headed god. He was originally created by Parvati in order to prevent anyone from watching her bathe. Shiva batted off his original head and replaced it with an elephant's head.
The Hindu goddess of beauty and good fortune, Vishnu's wife, and Kama's mother. She is the goddess of love, believed to have been born from an ocean of milk.
The Hindu goddess of rivers, and patron of speech, writing, learning, the arts, and sciences. Brahma is her husband.
The Hindu king of Asuras is named Maha Vairocana, or "One Who Shines On All." In Buddhism, he is known as Dainichi Nyorai.
The Hindu king of birds. In the Ramayana, he fought bravely against Ravana in an attempt to save Sita, Rama's wife and the seventh avatar of Vishnu, but lost.
The jackal-headed god of the dead and embalming from Egyptian myth. He weighs the hearts of the dead to determine their final destination.
The king of snow who rules over an infinite number of Jack Frosts. He has the power to freeze the entire world, but is unaware of it due to his na\xefve personality.
The king of the fairies and Titania's husband. He is quite old but, due to a curse, his looks are that of a young boy. He often flirts with human women, which sometimes earns him a scolding from his wife.
The king of the Naga, a half-man, half-snake tribe in Hindu lore. The dragon kings Nanda and Takshaka of Buddhist myth fall into this royal category.
The leader of a swarm of pixies. Any pixie in a leadership role or with remarkable power is called by this name.
The legendary bird of Chinese myth, said to appear only in times of peace. It is the ruler of all birds. When it dies, birds across the land chirp with sadness.
The middle sister of the three Moirae Sisters of Greek legend. She is the apportioner, measuring the thread which determines each person's lifespan.
The Nihonshoki sword deity who pacified Ashihara-no-Nakatsukuni. His name comes from "futsu," the fashion in which things are cut, and "nushi," his nature as a god.
The noblest of the Ssu-Ling creatures of Chinese myth. It represents the direction east, the season of spring, and the element of wood. It dwells in a palace at the bottom of the ocean.
The Norse thunder god and son of Odin, Thor owns the power enhancing belt, Megingjard, and wields Mjolnir, a hammer that causes lightning to strike and returns to its owner if thrown.
The Norse thunder god and son of Odin, Thor owns the power-enhancing belt Megingjard and wields Mjolnir, a hammer that causes lightning to strike and returns to its owner if thrown.
The queen of the fairies and Oberon's wife. She is derived from the Roman goddess Diana. She was later immortalized in Shakespeare's play "A Midsummer Night's Dream."
The seventh of the nine orders of angels. They guard cities and nations, and protect various religious figures.
The sixth of the nine orders of angels. It is said that they were the first order to be created. Their duty is to protect human souls from demons.
The two-headed pet dog belonging to the giant Geryon of Greek myth. He guarded a herd of red oxen but was killed by Hercules during one of his twelve labors.
The youngest of the three Moirae Sisters of Greek legend. She spins the threads of life with her spindle.
Thundering Viper
Tiger Spirit
Torn King of Desire
Unicorn activates Sacred Radiance 2 turns after activating Sacred Blessing.\n1. Sacred Blessing: Deals Bless damage to all Phantom Thieves. Unicorn gains 10 stacks of Purity, and summons 1 Emperor's Amulet.\n2. Sacred Radiance: Deals heavy damage to all Phantom Thieves based on user's Purity stacks. If Unicorn has 5+ stacks of Purity, also inflicts the Phantom Thieves with Rebuke.\nRebuke: Permanently increases damage taken by 50%.\nPurity: Decreases Unicorn's damage taken by 5% for each stack. Lose 1 stack for each status ailment received.
Unicorn activates Sacred Radiance 2 turns after activating Sacred Blessing.\n1. Sacred Blessing: Deals Bless damage to all Phantom Thieves. Unicorn gains 15 stacks of Purity, and summons 1 Emperor's Amulet.\n2. Sacred Radiance: Deals heavy damage to all Phantom Thieves based on user's Purity stacks. If Unicorn has 5+ stacks of Purity, also inflicts the Phantom Thieves with Rebuke.\nRebuke: Permanently increases damage taken by 50%.\nPurity: Decreases Unicorn's damage taken by 5% for each stack. Lose 1 stack for each status ailment received.
Unicorn activates Sacred Radiance 2 turns after activating Sacred Blessing.\n1. Sacred Blessing: Deals Bless damage to all Phantom Thieves. Unicorn gains 25 stacks of Purity, and summons 1 Emperor's Amulet.\n2. Sacred Radiance: Deals heavy damage to all Phantom Thieves based on user's Purity stacks. If Unicorn has 5+ stacks of Purity, also inflicts the Phantom Thieves with Rebuke.\nRebuke: Permanently increases damage taken by 50%.\nPurity: Decreases Unicorn's damage taken by 5% for each stack. Lose 1 stack for each status ailment received.
Unlike its name suggests, the Hope Diamond is a cursed jewel that brings ruin from one owner to the next. A few supposed victims include King Louis XVI and his wife, Marie Antoinette.
Uriel
Use to alternate between Electric and Bless attacks.
Use to alternate between Fire and Psychokinesis attacks.
Use to alternate between Ice and Nuclear attacks.
Use to alternate between Wind and Curse attacks.
Vishnu's Avatar
War God's Spirit
Weaken Phase 1
Weaken Phase 2
Weaken Phase 3
Weakened Avatar
Weakened Viper
Weakness Dogu
Weapons Supply Chief
Weapons Supply Staff
When Baphomet is defeated, Surt's HP is reduced by a set amount.
When defeated, all Shadows gain Ice Wall for 1 turn.
When defeated, all Shadows gain Wind Wall for 1 turn.
When defeated, Deep Wounds and Bite Marks are removed.
When defeated, Nue loses Monkey Mask.
When defeated, Nue loses Snake Tail.
When defeated, Nue loses Tanuki Form.
When defeated, Nue loses Tiger Claws.
When Garuda and Jatayu take damage from a Phantom Thief, that Thief's damage increases by 4% for 3 turns. Stacks up to 5 times.
When Horus and Yatagarasu take damage from a Phantom Thief, that Thief's damage increases by 2% for 3 turns. Stacks up to 5 times.
When Incubus has a Mark of Calamity, after attacking, all Shadows will be healed.
When Koropokguru is defeated, all of Shiki-Ouji's affinities are reset, and it loses all Side Effects.
When Matador's Spirit is defeated, Matador loses motivation and the Master Step effect. It will also be unable to act for 2 turns. Afterwards, Matador regains its will to fight along with the Master Step effect.
When Oni has a Mark of Calamity, after attacking, all Shadows' damage greatly increases.
When Oumitsunu takes damage from a skill, Highlight, or Resonance, the damage of the corresponding attribute increases by 6% for 3 turns. Stacks up to 8 times.
When Pale Rider attacks, it inflicts 1 Plague Curse stack on Shadows. While Pale Rider is present, Pazuzu's final damage taken is reduced by 30%.
When Pixie uses skills, all Phantom Thieves have 1 Plague Curse stack removed.
When Sandman is defeated, Belphegor will go to Sleep.
When Setanta defeats a guard dog...
When Succubus has a Mark of Calamity, after attacking, 1 Phantom Thief will become Dizzy.
When Sudama is defeated, all Phantom Thieves' ailment resistance is increased by 100% for 2 turns.
When the Clock is attacked by different attributes, the phase of the moon will change. Fire, Ice, Electric, and Wind attacks will change the phase in the usual order. Psychokinesis, Nuclear, Bless and Curse attacks will change the phase in reverse order.
When the Electric Spirit is defeated, Yatsufusa becomes Shocked.
When the Fire Spirit is defeated, inflict Burn on Yatsufusa.
When the Ice Spirit is defeated, Yatsufusa becomes Frozen.
When the Wind Spirit is defeated, Yatsufusa becomes Windswept.
Whirling Viper
Wind Soul
Wraith of Envy's Left Eye
Wraith of Envy's Right Eye
Wraith of Envy:\n1. While both of the Wraith of Envy's eyes are present, all affinities will be Resist. When both eyes have been defeated, it enters a Weakened state and will take more damage.\n2. When the Wraith of Envy's eyes are defeated, they will revive after 3 turns.\n3. The Wraith of Envy will gather power every other turn, and on the next turn uses Dark Whisper, dealing heavy Curse damage to all Phantom Thieves. If both eyes are defeated while gathering power, Dark Whisper will not be activated. If one eye is defeated while gathering power, the damage of Dark Whisper will be decreased by 30%.
Yatsufusa
Zaou-Gongen
