=== autoFightTitle ===
Aggressive Assault
Fight Cautiously
=== labelpic ===
3,Fire GRD
5,Elec SWP
8,Nuke MDC
5,Elec MDC
3,Fire DSR
5,Elec ASN
1,Phys ASN
9,Bless STG
4,Ice ASN
4,Ice GRD
8,Nuke SWP
3,Fire ASN
7,Psy MDC
10,Curse DSR
11,Almighty GRD
9,Bless MDC
1,Phys SWP
6,Wind SWP
6,Wind DSR
9,Bless ASN
7,Psy STG
10,Curse ASN
10,Curse SWP
7,Psy SWP
9,Bless SWP
4,Ice MDC
2,Gun ASN
2,Gun GRD
6,Wind ASN
1,Phys STG
1,Phys GRD
3,Fire SWP
4,Ice DSR
7,Psy DSR
5,Elec STG
7,Psy GRD
5,Elec DSR
1,Phys DSR
8,Nuke ASN
4,Ice STG
8,Nuke GRD
11,Almighty DSR
11,Almighty SWP
=== name ===
J\xe1no\u0161\xedk
Jack-o'-Lantern
Eligor
Moloch
Jack Frost
Thor
Agathion
Bicorn
Titania
Isis
Lamia
Oberon
Succubus
Cu Chulainn
Dominion
Gabriel
Black Frost
King Frost
Michael
Mokoi
Oni
Orthrus
Parvati
Error: tnxotb-[133]
Lilim
Sandalphon
Sarasvati
Alice
Unicorn
Yoshitsune
Kurama Tengu
Jatayu
Archangel
Suzaku
Clotho
Neko Shogun
Anubis
Pazuzu
Okuninushi
Byakko
Horus
Lakshmi
Kohryu
Seth
Sudama
Obariyon
Pixie
Inugami
Shiki-Ouji
Bugs
Yamata-no-Orochi
Vishnu
Mada
Mandrake
Incubus
Makami
High Pixie
Leanan Sidhe
Phoenix
Jikokuten
Ame-no-Uzume
Lachesis
Zouchouten
Arahabaki
Hell Biker
Norn
Ganesha
Silky
Hua Po
Koropokguru
Koppa Tengu
Angel
Onmoraki
Ippon-Datara
Orobas
Nekomata
Nue
Kin-Ki
Decarabia
Mothman
Belphegor
Cerberus
Apsaras
Kodama
Shiisaa
Yaksini
Sui-Ki
Rakshasa
Sandman
Naga
Anzu
Thoth
Kaiwan
Atropos
Hariti
Power
Hecatoncheires
Yurlungur
Girimehkala
Mara
Kumbhanda
Matador
Quetzalcoatl
Surt
Baphomet
Raja Naga
Barong
Garuda
Daisoujou
Ose
Kelpie
Saki Mitama
Genbu
Berith
Andras
Slime
Nigi Mitama
Fuu-Ki
Flauros
Setanta
Black Ooze
Ara Mitama
Mitra
Principality
White Rider
Kikuri-Hime
Red Rider
Kushinada
Queen Mab
Valkyrie
Scathach
Rangda
Koumokuten
Narcissus
Dakini
Pale Rider
Yatagarasu
Black Rider
Seiryu
Mithras
Kushi Mitama
Belial
Bishamonten
Nebiros
Dionysus
Melchizedek
Trumpeter
Skadi
Chernobog
Lilith
Shiva
Captain Kidd
Zorro
Awilda
Robroy
Chiyome
Mandrin
Erytheia
Cleodora
Meng Po
Prosymna
Apseudes
Syke
Styx
Leucothea
Robin Hood
Goemon
Necronomicon
Gorgyra
Carmen
Johanna
Terpsichore
Thalia
Milady
Ars\xe8ne
Nemertes
Daeira
Harpyia
Ampelos
Urania
Calliope
Amalthea
=== story ===
A legendary hero and thief from Slovakia. He would steal from the rich, but never took a life, and shared his spoils with the poor and common people. He was eventually executed on false charges, but even after his death, his name lived on in novels and poetry as a symbol of resisting tyranny.
A drunkard who tricked the Devil out of taking him to Hell. When refused entry to Heaven, he was forced to wander the earth with only an ember as a light.
One of the 72 demons of the Goetia. He looks like a knight and has the power to see things to come. He also knows much about war.
A Canaanite god of fire. A bronze statue of a man with a bull's head stands at his altar. The statue was heated and sacrificial children were thrown inside.
A winter fairy of European descent. He leaves ice patterns on windows and nips people's noses. Though normally an innocent creature, he will freeze his victims to death if provoked.
The Norse thunder god and son of Odin, Thor owns the power enhancing belt, Megingjard, and wields Mjolnir, a hammer that causes lightning to strike and returns to its owner if thrown.
A general term for familiars used by Judeo-Christian magicians, they are usually sealed away in bottles, rings, or talismans. They torment the target selected by the conjuror.
An evil creature with two curving horns from European folklore. It represents impurity, unlike the Unicorn. Said to be derived from Re'em in the Bible. Another legend says that it feeds off of loyal husbands.
The queen of the fairies and Oberon's wife. She is derived from the Roman goddess Diana. She was later immortalized in Shakespeare's play "A Midsummer Night's Dream."
Osiris's wife as well as his younger sister. Upon the death of her husband, she revived him with her incredible magic power. Isis is seen at many gravesites as the guardian goddess of the dead.
A half-human, half-snake female monster of Greek myth, she was once the queen of Libya. Zeus's jealous wife, Hera, killed her children, causing her to go mad and transform into a monster.
The king of the fairies and Titania's husband. He is quite old but, due to a curse, his looks are that of a young boy. He often flirts with human women, which sometimes earns him a scolding from his wife.
A female demon of European lore in medieval times. They visit sleeping men and have sexual intercourse with them. The victims don't wake up but may dream of the encounter.
A hero in Celtic folklore. He was called Setanta until he earned the name, "Culann's Hound." There are many tales of his adventures. He received his spear, Gae Bolg, from his mentor, Scathach.
The fourth of the nine orders of angels. Their duty is to oversee the other angels. Their actions are the manifestation of God's will.
One of the four major archangels. She is also the only female angel at this rank. Her name comes from the Sumerian word for "governor." She is the angel who told Mary of her pregnancy.
A Jack Frost that yearned for evil. This powerful demon is born when a cute Jack Frost remembers its demonic nature.
The king of snow who rules over an infinite number of Jack Frosts. He has the power to freeze the entire world, but is unaware of it due to his na\xefve personality.
One of the four major archangels, he is at the top of the angelic hierarchy. He carries a long spear that can cut through anything, and his name means "one who is like God."
Evil spirits of Murngin lore believed to be reborn shadows. They kidnap and eat children, and strike down any sorcerer who uses black magic.
An evil monster from Japanese lore known for its hideous visage and brute strength. They loot and plunder villages, massacring the townspeople with their iron clubs. They have horns on their heads, red skin, long claws, and razor-sharp teeth.
The two-headed pet dog belonging to the giant Geryon of Greek myth. He guarded a herd of red oxen but was killed by Hercules during one of his twelve labors.
A beautiful Hindu goddess of love and one of Shiva's wives. Always by his side, she played a role in opening his third eye. She can turn into Durga or Kali when angered.
A wicked witch of Balinese lore, she represents evil and is Barong's eternal rival. Even if defeated, she will come back to life, and their battle will have no end.
A demon who tempts sleeping men and attacks infants. She is the daughter of the demoness, Lilith. Like her mother, she drains men of their essence.
Metatron's twin brother in Judeo-Christian lore, he is the master of heavenly songs. It is said that a human would take 500 years to walk the length of his body.
The Hindu goddess of rivers, and patron of speech, writing, learning, the arts, and sciences. Brahma is her husband.
A mysterious blonde girl. She is quite powerful, despite her looks. Some say she is the ghost of a girl who died a sad death. Others say she is a spirit born from someone's imagination.
A legendary white horse with a single spiral horn. It can only be tamed by a pure maiden, and its horn supposedly has miraculous healing capabilities.
A Japanese general of the Genpei War near the end of the Heian era and start of the Kamakura era. His bold ingenuity and ruthless skill with a blade are still praised in Japan today.
A type of tengu said to have lived on Mt. Kurama in Kyoto. The most powerful and well-known of the tengu, they have the power to fend off disease and bring good fortune.
The Hindu king of birds. In the Ramayana, he fought bravely against Ravana in an attempt to save Sita, Rama's wife and the seventh avatar of Vishnu, but lost.
The eighth of the nine orders of angels. Their duty is to minister to humans and deliver messages. They are warriors of Heaven and lead Heaven's forces during battle with the armies of evil.
One of the Ssu-Ling, celestial creatures of Chinese myth. It is a giant bird that is said to chirp in five beautiful voices. It represents the direction south, the season of summer, and the element of fire.
The youngest of the three Moirae Sisters of Greek legend. She spins the threads of life with her spindle.
A prophetic Taoist god, originally known as Mao Shogun. Due to a linguistic error involving the Chinese word for "cat," his name was changed to Neko Shogun.
The jackal-headed god of the dead and embalming from Egyptian myth. He weighs the hearts of the dead to determine their final destination.
The Babylonian lord of wind and scorching sands. He has the body of a man, a lion's head, the claws and wings of an eagle, and has a deadly poison. The diseases he spreads can only be cured with magic.
A Kunitsu deity in Japanese mythology that governs agriculture and medicine. He's said to have built the country of Izumo with Susano-o's daughter, Suseri-Hime.
One of the Ssu-Ling, celestial creatures of Chinese myth. It represents the direction west, the season of autumn, and the element of metal. He is believed to be the king of all beasts.
An ancient god of Egypt whose eyes are the sun and moon. Revered by some as the chief god, he is often depicted as a hawk or a falcon.
The Hindu goddess of beauty and good fortune, Vishnu's wife, and Kama's mother. She is the goddess of love, believed to have been born from an ocean of milk.
Known as the Gold Dragon, it reigns over the Ssu-Ling, celestial creatures of Chinese lore. It is located at the center of the four beasts.
The Egyptian god of the desert, chaos, and evil. He murdered his brother, Osiris, and tried to become chief god, but he was castrated by Osiris's son, Horus.
A spirit of rivers and mountains in Japanese lore, it dwells in ancient trees and ageless rocks. They are not evil, and will often appear as humans or supernatural wonders to warn people.
A "piggyback monster" of Japan that jumps on the backs of those who pass grassy paths. It is heavy and not easily removed, but will turn into gold coins if you can carry it back home.
Friendly fairies of the forest that tend to hide from humans. They like to play tricks on lazy people. It is said they are the souls of dead, unbaptized children.
A dog spirit said to possess people in Japanese lore. Those possessed are in a state of "inu-tsuki" and lose consciousness. Onmyoji use Inugami as familiars.
An exceptionally powerful shikigami. Only the most elite onmyoji are able to summon and bind it to paper. It can ward off disaster or cure illness, but its ordinary temperament is quite vicious.
A Welsh creature commonly known as "Bugbear" or the "Boogeyman." Its existence is often used by mothers to scare children into behaving.
A giant snake with eight heads that Susano-o defeated to save Kushinada-hime. The legendary sword Ame-no-Murakumo-no- Tsurugi, also known as the "Sword of Kusanagi," emerged from its belly.
One of the major Hindu gods, he is the preserver and protector of the universe. Legends claim that he will make ten appearances across time and space to strike down evil and uphold justice.
A giant Hindu monster. Its mouth is so enormous it can swallow the Earth and the heavens in one bite. Its name means "He Who Intoxicates."
A magical plant whose roots look like a human. They are valued for their healing properties in potions, but the screams they let out when pulled from the ground will kill anyone who hears them.
A male demon of European lore in medieval times. They visit sleeping women and have sexual intercourse with them. The resulting children become witches or wizards.
A divine wolf god in Japanese folklore, also written as "Oguchi-no-Magami." It is often drawn on prayer boards to prevent fires and thefts, but it is also feared as a human-eater.
The leader of a swarm of pixies. Any pixie in a leadership role or with remarkable power is called by this name.
A beautiful fairy of Irish lore that yearns for the love of a human man. She drains the life of her lovers in return for granting them artistic inspiration.
The legendary bird of Chinese myth, said to appear only in times of peace. It is the ruler of all birds. When it dies, birds across the land chirp with sadness.
Also known as Dhritarashtra, he is the protector of the East, and is one of the four Heavenly Kings of Buddhist origin. He helps maintain the security of the nation.
Japanese goddess of entertainment, she governs many sacred dances. She is most famous for luring out Amaterasu, who had barricaded herself inside a cave.
The middle sister of the three Moirae Sisters of Greek legend. She is the apportioner, measuring the thread which determines each person's lifespan.
Also known as Virudhaka, he is the protector of the South, and is one of the four Heavenly Kings of Buddhist origin. He is the god of the five grains, and was once the chief of the gods.
A mysterious god of ancient Japan. Most famously worshipped by Nagasunehiko, who was defeated in battle against Emperor Jinmu, Arahabaki came to be treated as a symbol of rebellion and defiance.
A motorcyclist whose violent nature turned him into a demon. His anger with himself and the world causes him to lash out, that everyone else would suffer as well.
Goddesses of fate in Norse lore. They live below the roots of Yggdrasil and weave the threads of fate, which even the gods are bound by.
The Hindu elephant-headed god. He was originally created by Parvati in order to prevent anyone from watching her bathe. Shiva batted off his original head and replaced it with an elephant's head.
A fairy of England and Scotland. She carries out household chores while everyone sleeps and is a welcome spirit. It is said you can hear her silk skirt rustle as she works.
A spirit of Chinese folklore who dwells in trees once used for hangings.\nShe is smaller than a human and cannot speak,\nbut her voice is said to be as clear and as beautiful as a bird's song.
Small human-like creatures that have kind, calm personalities. Once coexisting with the Ainu people of Japan, there was a falling out at some point, and they disappeared.
A type of tengu. Their spiritual power is weaker than other tengu, so they are much smaller. They are said to be the reincarnations of long-lived wolves.
The ninth of the nine orders of angels. They are closest in nature to humans. They watch over individuals and warn those who stray from the path.
A monstrous, fire spitting, Japanese bird with a man's face. It is actually a corpse that was not given a proper memorial service. They appear before monks who neglect their duties.
A one-eyed, one-legged monster said to live deep in the mountains of Kumano, Japan. It's believed to be the degraded blacksmith god, Ame no Me-Hitotsu no Kami.
One of the 72 demons of the Goetia. Known as the Prince of Hell, he appears as a horse and answers questions of the past, present, and future. He is faithful to his conjurer.
Long-lived cats are said to become these malevolent cat demons. Their powers vary according to how long they have lived, ranging from shape-shifting to controlling the dead.
A creature of Japanese lore with a monkey's head, tiger's legs, and snake's tail. The Tale of Heike says it hid behind a dark cloud each night to attack the Emperor.
One of the four oni controlled by Fujiwara no Chikata, its body is so hard that no weapons can penetrate it. It and its comrades fell into hell through holes that can still be found in modern Iga.
One of the 72 demons of the Goetia, this demon appears as a pentacle. Keeper of jewels and herbal lore, Decarabia is said to have the ability to shape-shift at will.
A cryptid sighted during the 60s-80s in West Virginia. It has shining red eyes and is named for the fin-like appendages on its sides. It uses its keen sense for blood to track down the source and feed on it.
Demonic governor of the deadly sin of sloth. He also excels at invention and discovery. May be derived from Ba'al Pe'or, Syrian god of abundant crops.
The guardian hound who prevents anyone from entering or exiting the underworld in Greek lore. It was born from Typhon and Echidna, and is the older brother of Orthrus.
Hindu water spirits, they are beautiful young women who dance for the gods. They also guide heroes fallen in battle to paradise.
Japanese plant spirits born from trees that have lived for a hundred years. Cutting down one of these trees is said to cause misfortune.
A holy beast said to protect houses from evil and bring good fortune. They look similar to Shinto guardian dogs, but are actually modeled after a lion. There are many stories about it in Ryukyu lore.
A female demon in Hindu lore. Though originally a Dravidian fertility goddess, the spread of Hinduism changed perception of her to a demonic figure. Usually depicted as a nude, voluptuous female.
One of the four oni controlled by Fujiwara no Chikata, it can cause floods with the swing of its arms. In the Taiheiki, Ki no Tomoo expelled the oni by reading a Japanese poem.
A Hindu demon. He is an enemy of the gods and attacks humans to feed off of them. His hideous appearance strikes fear into those who see him. Rakshasa shape-shifts to deceive his enemies.
A fairy in German folklore who carries a bag of magical sand, which puts humans to sleep when thrown into their eyes. If the victim resists, the Sandman will sit on their eyelids.
Half-snake, half-human divine beings in Hindu lore, worshipped as bringers of rain. They live in the bottoms of lakes and seas, singing and dancing when they are not fighting.
An evil deity of Mesopotamian folklore with an eagle's body and lion's head. While the god Enlil purified himself, Anzu stole the Tablets of Destiny from him.
Egyptian moon god that takes the form of a baboon, he is the one who measures time. He gave Isis the power to resurrect Osiris after he was killed by the evil god Seth.
A god in Assyrian legend, his name is interchangeable with Sakkut, another incarnation of the star-god, Saturn.
The eldest of the three Moirae Sisters of Greek mythology. She cuts the threads of life for those whose time has come.
Also known as Kishimojin, she once ate children, but stopped after Buddha changed her ways. She now eats pomegranates and is a goddess of parenting.
The sixth of the nine orders of angels. It is said that they were the first order to be created. Their duty is to protect human souls from demons.
Giants born from Uranus and Gaia. The name means "those with a hundred arms." During the war of the Titans, Zeus freed them from the Underworld to help him obtain victory.
A snake with a rainbow body from Yolngu lore. He is a fertility deity who controls the weather and resides in a holy pond filled with rainbow-colored water.
A giant elephant monster of Sri Lankan myth, it is typically portrayed as being ridden by the Evil One, Mara. Whoever looks into its evil eye is said to be met with misfortune.
A Buddhist demon that represents the fear of death. Also known as "The Evil One," he sent his daughters to tempt Buddha during his meditations.
A Buddhist demon said to drain human life energy. He has dark skin, stands three meters tall, and sometimes changes his shape to a gourd. Known to have once served Rudra, the god of storms.
A master sportsman who entertains the audience in exchange for his own life: one mistake can mean death. Some believe that matadors who die while performing remain in this world.
An Aztec deity known as the Feathered Serpent. He created humans with his own blood and taught them how to sustain themselves.
A fire giant in Norse lore. He rules the fire realm, Muspelheim, and brandishes a burning sword. At Ragnarok, he will set the world ablaze.
A goat-headed demon that is worshipped in Black Sabbaths. His name can be used as a catch-all term for demons in general. He would become an object of worship for witches.
The king of the Naga, a half-man, half-snake tribe in Hindu lore. The dragon kings Nanda and Takshaka of Buddhist myth fall into this royal category.
A mystical creature in Balinese lore, it represents good and is Rangda's eternal rival. Even if defeated, it will be reborn. The result is a never-ending struggle.
A divine bird-man in Hindu lore, he once fought the gods and received immortality in exchange for becoming Vishnu's carrier.
A monk who died while fasting, his spiritual power allows his body to continue to exist without rotting. It is said that he will appear before people on the day of salvation.
One of the 72 demons of the Goetia, he is known as the President of Hell. He can shape-shift from leopard to human and reveal the truth behind divine mysteries.
A horse-like fairy of Celtic folklore that lives by the water. It drowns those who ride on it, but is a valuable mount if you can tame it.
One of the four aspects of Shinto thought, it brings great bounty from the hunt. It is said to aid in love, profit, and growth, and can create new paths.
One of the Ssu-Ling, celestial creatures of Chinese myth. It represents the direction north, the season of winter, and the element of water. Known to be a great warrior, it supports the Earth from below.
One of the 72 demons of the Goetia. Known as the Duke of Hell, he rides a gigantic horse and burns those without manners.
One of the 72 demons of the Goetia. The great Marquis of Hell, he appears where there is battle to stoke the hatred within soldiers. He helps defeat the enemies of those who summon him.
A primitive monster with a viscous body. There are various theories as to its origin, but it is still under debate. Said to compulsively collect shiny objects.
One of the four aspects of Shinto thought, it works gently to help maintain a calm mind. It is said to aid in one's relations and sociability, and can lead one in a positive direction.
One of the four oni controlled by Fujiwara no Chikata, it sends hurricanes to blow away its enemies. Some say that Fuu-Ki is the original ninja.
One of the 72 demons of the Goetia. He appears as a leopard and can see the past and future. He can control fire and burn all his adversaries to death.
A brave young man in Celtic myth. After defeating a fierce guard dog, he volunteered to take its place, earning him the nickname "Hound of Culann."
A mass of malevolent intent and emotion that failed to become a true demon. All it does is eat, prey, and grow.
One of the four aspects of Shinto thought, it has the power to grant ferocity. It is said to aid in one's bravery, growth, and endeavors, though it can lead in a negative direction.
An ancient Persian god of contracts. He was also revered as a harvest-bringing sun god when he was introduced to the Zoroastrian religion.
The seventh of the nine orders of angels. They guard cities and nations, and protect various religious figures.
One of the Four Horsemen of the Apocalypse, he rides a white horse with a bow in hand. A crown was granted to him, and he promises victory.
The goddess of life in Shinto myth. She once mediated between Izanagi and Izanami during their confrontation in Yomi, the land of the dead.
One of the Four Horsemen of the Apocalypse, he rides a red horse and carries a great sword. He has the power to destroy peace and make men slay one another.
A Japanese goddess. She governs fields and fertility. All of her sisters were sacrificed to Yamata-no-Orochi, but she was saved by Susano-o and became his wife.
The fairy queen in Celtic myth. Often identified with Titania. She would offer mead mixed with her blood to her many consorts.
"Choosers of the slain" in Norse lore. Armed with shining armor and swords, they look for brave warriors to take to Valhalla, so that they may fight in Ragnarok.
A warrior woman of the Land of Shadows in Celtic lore. She taught the hero, Cu Chulainn, the art of war and gave him the spear, Gae Bolg.
Also known as Virupaksha, he is the protector of the West, and is one of the four Heavenly Kings of Buddhist origin. He keeps a close watch on the world with his sharp gaze.
A young man of Greek myth. He rejected the nymph Echo, who faded to a whisper out of despair. Cursed by Nemesis, he fell in love with his own reflection and wasted away.
Hindu deities of passion and relations. They are Kali's attendants. They eat human flesh and gather at graveyards and crematories each night. Their name means "sky dancer."
One of the Four Horsemen of the Apocalypse, he rides a pale horse and represents death. He has the power to destroy life.
A divine creature in Japanese lore. They are three-legged birds sent by Amaterasu to help humans. They are said to have helped Emperor Jinmu claim victory.
One of the Four Horsemen of the Apocalypse, he rides a black horse and carries scales. He brings famine and has the right to end lives through suffering.
The noblest of the Ssu-Ling creatures of Chinese myth. It represents the direction east, the season of spring, and the element of wood. It dwells in a palace at the bottom of the ocean.
A sun deity who was worshipped in the Roman Empire from the 1st to the 4th century AD. He was said to be reborn after death, and a festival was held on the winter solstice for him.
One of the four aspects of Shinto thought, it uses its power to bring blessings related to healing illnesses and staying healthy. It is said to have supernatural powers and cause mysterious events.
One of the 72 demons of the Goetia. He led Sodom and Gomorrah to ruinand persecuted Jesus. He grants high social status to those who summon him.
Also known as Tamonten and Vaishravana in Buddhist lore, he is the strongest of the Heavenly Kings. He protects the North and is the god of war.
The general of Hell. He keeps watch over other demons. One of Hell's greatest necromancers, he can control souls and corpses.
The Greek god of wine and theater. He was originally a god of life protecting the mountains of Thrace. He taught humans how to make wine.
An angel of Gnosticism, governing over peace and righteousness. Though said to be the savior of the angels, he used to be a human, the king of Salem.
Angels that sound the trumpets at the time of the apocalypse. As each trumpet sounds, the more plagues and disasters will occur, turning the earth into a land of death and suffering.
A Norse giantess called the "snow-shoe goddess" and the embodiment of winter. According to legend, all the gods will return to her at the end of Ragnarok.
A cursed god of death, evil, and the night in Slavic lore. His name means "Black God," and he is the counterpart of the "White God," Belobog. Despite being feared, he was also worshipped.
Said to have been Adam's first wife, she desired to be his equal and refused to obey him. She was cast out of Eden and became a demon of the night. She is the mother of the demoness, Lilim.
One of the major Hindu gods, he is known as the Destroyer, but is also related to regeneration. His wife is Parvati.
A Persona with a skull-shaped head and a cannon for an arm. He's an imposing sight riding atop a black ship lined with guns. He seems to share his name with an infamous pirate known for repeated acts of plunder...
A swordsman's Persona, dressed in elegant black with a mask to hide his identity. The "Z" on his belt seems to be his trademark. He's reminiscent of the famous noble swashbuckler, Zorro...
A female pirate from ancient Scandinavian legend. She was a Geatish princess who fled from an unwanted arranged marriage and took to the seas. She led a crew of young female pirates across the Baltic Sea, until she eventually married the Danish prince who defeated her.
A Scottish folk hero. He was a wealthy cattleman who lost his fortune to a nobleman, and then fought to reclaim it. He was accused of treason and imprisoned, but his story was so well-loved that he was pardoned.
The wife of Mochizuki Moritoki, and a legendary female ninja. During the Sengoku period, she was chosen by Takeda Shingen to serve as the head shrine maiden of Kai and Shinano provinces, and also headed a group of shrine maidens who wandered the country. It is said that these women were actually kunoichi, working as spies to gather information.
An 18th-century smuggler who rebelled against the royal government of France. After the execution of his brother and friends, he sold smuggled goods in the city free of taxes, winning the support of the common people. After his arrest, the king planned to offer him a pardon, but he was executed before he could do so.
A nymph from Greek mythology said to reside in an orchard, and one of the Hesperides. The island of Hesperides was at the far western edge of the world, and she guarded the golden apple tree that grew there. Her name means "the red woman".
One of the Thriae, a nymph who predicted the future by throwing pebbles. Her father was the river god Cephissus, and her two sisters were Melaina and Daphnis. They lived on Mount Parnassus, where the child she bore with Poseidon built a great city.
A goddess of the underworld in Chinese mythology. She boils medicinal herbs found in the underworld to create a soup known as the Waters of Oblivion, and anyone who drinks it will lose their memories. Any souls on their way to reincarnation must drink the soup in order to be reborn, but those who do not will retain memories of their past life.
A water spirit appearing in Greek mythology, and one of the Naiades. She and her sisters Acraea and Euboea served as the nurses to Zeus' wife Hera, and raised her together. Her name means "celebrate in song".
One of the Nereides, a sea goddess from Greek mythology. She is one of the daughters of Nereus and the Oceanid Doris, and from her father she inherited the reputation of being a truth-telling god. Her name can mean "truth" or "shining one".
A tree spirit from Greek mythology, and one of the Hamadryades. She has 8 sisters. Her name means "fig tree".
A water spirit from Greek mythology, and one of the Oceanides. She is the deific representation of the river in the underworld separating the realm of the living from the dead. The gods of Olympus are said to drink the waters of the River Styx when they swear oaths.
A sea nymph who appears in Greek mythology, she is the goddess who protects sailors at sea. Originally a princess of Thebes, she was granted divinity by Zeus after her death. Because she saved Odysseus when he was shipwrecked, she became known as the guardian of sailors. Her name means "white goddess".
A Persona who appears with a flowing cloak, bow in hand. It bears the name of a legendary thief from medieval England, who lives on in bards' tales passed down through the ages.
A Persona in an eye-catching costume straight out of an ukiyo-e painting. It carries a large pipe and has the face of a kabuki actor. It calls to mind tales of the legendary thief Ishikawa Goemon.
A Persona bearing the name of a grimoire that was inscribed with boundless wisdom and magical arts. Its appearance seems to be based on an unidentified flying object. Perhaps it symbolizes Futaba's unknown powers.
A nymph from the underworld in Greek mythology. She is an attendant of the underworld goddesses Hecate and Persephone. The torch she carries is said to drive people to madness.
A beautiful Persona in a bright red flamenco dress. She appears swinging men around by a rose-vine whip, leaving quite a memorable impression. She bears the same name as a free-spirited and passionate heroine appearing in novels and opera.
An unusual Persona in the form of a large motorcycle. A woman's face can be seen on the front. It is named for Pope Johanna, the legendary first female pope said to have lived in the Middle Ages.
One of the Muses who appears in Greek mythology. She is the nymph who presides over the art of dance, and is often depicted holding a lyre. Her name means "delight in dancing".
One of the Muses who appears in Greek mythology. She is the nymph who presides over comedy and idyllic poetry. She is the daughter of Zeus and Mnemosyne, the goddess of memory. She is often depicted holding a comedy mask. Her name means "flourishing".
A Persona of a noblewoman in a beautiful dress, embroidered with fleur-de-lis. However, underneath her skirt, she is hiding a powerful weapon. She shares her name with the heroine of "The Three Musketeers".
A Persona whose face is like a mask, with great black wings. The name of "Ars\xe8ne" brings to mind the famous phantom thief Ars\xe8ne Lupin, but what is the true origin of this Persona, and what power is contained within?
A sea goddess from Greek mythology, and one of the Nereides. She is one of the daughters of the sea deities Nereus and Doris, and is well known for her honesty. Her name means "unerring" and "truthful".
A water spirit from Greek mythology, and one of the Oceanides. She is one of the goddesses who governs the sea, springs and underground waters. She gave birth to a son, Eleusis, with Hermes.
A legendary creature that appears in Greek mythology. She is the younger sister of the rainbow goddess Iris, but unlike her, she is often depicted with wings and talons like a bird. In one story she attacked the prophet Phineus, but was driven off by Jason and the Argonauts. Her name means "woman who steals".
A tree spirit from Greek mythology, and one of the Hamadryades. She has 8 sisters. Her name means "grape vine".
One of the Muses in Greek mythology, she is a nymph with dominion over astrology and astronomy. She carries a staff, compass, and armillary sphere. She is adept at predicting the future, and many people seek out her prophetic wisdom. Her name means "woman of the heavens".
One of the Muses who appears in Greek mythology. She is the nymph who governs epic poetry. She is a wise goddess and skilled orator, and carries a writing board and stylus. She has many other duties as well, including mediating disputes between other goddesses. Her name means "beautiful voice".
A water spirit who appears in Greek mythology, a nymph who appears as a female goat. It is also said she actually was a goat. She served as the foster mother of the infant Zeus, nursing him with goat's milk.
11,Beginner
4,Ice SWP
10,Curse STG
9,Bless DSR
6,Wind MDC
7,Psy ASN
Level Cap Increased to 35
Level Cap Increased to 45
Level Cap Increased to 60
Level Cap Increased to 70
Level Cap Increased to 85
Level Cap Increased to 95
Level Cap Increased to 99
Level Cap Increased
Level Cap Increased