"BANG!"
"Bwahahaha!"
"Cheers!"
"Don't Laugh..."
"Get Hype!"
"Happy New Year!"
"Hi!"
"HNY!"
"Incognito!"
"Je T'aime!"
"Locking On..."
"Look at Me!"
"Luck Is on Our Side!"
"Mon Ami!"
"My Treat!"
"My Turn!"
"No Way!"
"Smells Nice!"
"Spread Your Wings!"
"Suspicious..."
"Thanks!"
"That's Enough!"
"Treasure!"
"Wah!"
"Wanna Eat?"
"What!?"
"You Don't Know?"
"You'll Catch a Cold"
1\u2605 C1
1\u2605 C2
1\u2605 C3
1\u2605 C4
1\u2605 C5
2\u2605 C1
2\u2605 C2
2\u2605 C3
2\u2605 C4
2\u2605 C5
3\u2605 C1
3\u2605 C2
3\u2605 C3
3\u2605 C4
3\u2605 C5
3\u2605 Weapon Case
4\u2605 C1
4\u2605 C2
4\u2605 C3
4\u2605 C4
4\u2605 C5
4\u2605 Weapon Case
4\u2605 Welcome Arms Case
4\u2605Phantom Idol Select Ticket
4WD Tanks Background
5\u2605 C1
5\u2605 C2
5\u2605 C3
5\u2605 C4
5\u2605 C5
5\u2605 Cognitite Case
5\u2605 Cognitite Chance 1
5\u2605 Cognitite Chance 2
5\u2605 Phantom Idol Contract 1
5\u2605 Phantom Idol Contract 2
5\u2605 Phantom Idol Contract 3
5\u2605 Phantom Idol Contract 4
5\u2605 Phantom Idol Select Ticket
5\u2605 Phantom Idol Ticket 3
5\u2605 Weapon Case
5\u2605 Welcome Idol Chance
6\u2605 C1
6\u2605 C2
6\u2605 C3
6\u2605 C4
6\u2605 C5
7\u2605 C1
7\u2605 C2
7\u2605 C3
7\u2605 C4
7\u2605 C5
8\u2605 C1
8\u2605 C2
8\u2605 C3
8\u2605 C4
8\u2605 C5
\u30b5\u30fc\u30d0\u30fc\u30de\u30fc\u30af\u30a2\u30a4\u30c6\u30e0\u3001\u524a\u9664\u3057\u306a\u3044\u3067\u304f\u3060\u3055\u3044\uff01\u52d5\u304b\u3055\u306a\u3044\u3067\u304f\u3060\u3055\u3044\uff01\uff01
A background for your capsule toy display case.
A badge emblazoned with Kokatsu Academy's school emblem.
A badge that can be found around Shibuya. Can be exchanged for rewards with Shibuya's mascot.
A badge that can be found around Yongen-Jaya. Can be exchanged for rewards with the Secondhand Shop manager.
A bag of seeds for an unknown kind of flower as the label is torn. Similar to daisy or cosmos seeds. Increases your Kindness when first harvested.
A bag of seeds for an unknown kind of flower as the label is torn. Similar to violet or jasmine seeds. Increases your Kindness when first harvested.
A bag of seeds for an unknown vegetable as the label is torn, but they resemble carrot, onion, or cabbage seeds. Increases your Kindness when first harvested.
A bag of seeds for an unknown vegetable as the label is torn, but they resemble chili pepper, tomato, or napa cabbage seeds. Increases your Kindness when first harvested.
A bank card found in the Bank Palace.
A beginner's guide to Rakugo. Purchased at Hinokuniya while on an errand for Tetsunojou Shishida.
A book for those who want to acquire charisma.\nWith just this book, even you can become popular! Probably...
A book introducing the basics of muscle training.\nIts key feature is the easy-to-read content suitable for beginners.
A book introducing the planetarium in Ikebukuro.\nYou can learn more details about the constellations projected there.
A book introducing various yoga exercises.\nMastering the highest-difficulty poses will surely improve your dexterity!
A book that delves into the history and technical development of kabuki.\nReading it might help you absorb some of the refined charm of the stage.
A book that examines the prevalence of a lack of desire among residents of developed countries.\nFor those who wish to deepen their understanding of social issues.
A book that explains how to choose gifts that will make the recipient happy.\nFor those who want to become a master of gift giving.
A book that explains the meanings of flowers and their origins in an easy-to-understand manner with accompanying photos.
A book that introduces effective ways to take breaks and relax.\nEven better to read in the bath.
A book that introduces the untold stories of the construction of the Skytree and other architectural tidbits.\nWith this one book, you'll never have to worry about running out of topics on a date!
A booklet featuring trivia about capsule vending machines and their unique items.
A certificate for 1 Michelin star.
A certificate for 3 Michelin stars.
A chip that is used to restore a screen in the core monitoring room and activate the central computer.
A chip used to restore a screen in the core monitoring room and open doors for that room in the dam palace.
A commemorative badge for playing Summer! Swimsuits! Sea Time!
A common material. It can be used to craft infiltration tools at the workbench.
A common material.\nCan be used at the workbench to craft these gifts for accomplices: Daisy Potpourri, Sunflower Seeds, and Jasmine Tea.
A controller originally used by Shadows in the Dam Palace. After some tinkering, it can now be used to operate certain energy devices.
A coordinated outfit that can be put on at the closet in your bedroom.
A coordinated outfit. You can put it on at the closet in your bedroom.
A crystalized soul of a Persona. Can be obtained through disassembling high-level Personas.
A delicacy that can only be caught in a specific season. Said to be used in exquisite fermented dishes.
A dish made with almonds, milk, and sugar.
A dish made with azuki beans and sugar.
A dish made with beef, napa cabbage, tofu, shiitake mushrooms, and carrots.
A dish made with beef, pork, soy sauce, and garlic.
A dish made with beef, soy sauce, and chili pepper.
A dish made with beef, soy sauce, and green onions.
A dish made with caviar, eggs, and cabbage.
A dish made with chicken, leek, garlic, and vinegar.
A dish made with chicken, leek, soy sauce, and sugar.
A dish made with chicken, soy sauce, leek, and garlic.
A dish made with crucian carp, tofu, and leek.
A dish made with flour, eggs, and miso.
A dish made with flour, eggs, and pork.
A dish made with flour, eggs, shrimp, and soy sauce.
A dish made with flour, pork, and cabbage.
A dish made with flour, potatoes, and pork.
A dish made with flour, shrimp, and pork.
A dish made with glutinous rice and sugar.
A dish made with glutinous rice, azuki beans, and sugar.
A dish made with glutinous rice, milk, and sugar.
A dish made with matcha, milk, and sugar.
A dish made with milk, eggs, and sugar.
A dish made with mung beans.
A dish made with pork, soy sauce, garlic, and sugar.
A dish made with rice and eel.
A dish made with rice, chicken, potatoes, onions, and curry roux.
A dish made with rice, eggs, and tomatoes.
A dish made with rockfish, pork, and soy sauce.
A dish made with salmon, soy sauce, and wasabi.
A dish made with sea bass, soy sauce, green onion, and chili pepper.
A dish made with sea bass, soy sauce, sugar, vinegar, and Shaoxing wine.
A dish made with sea cucumber, leek, and soy sauce.
A dish made with shrimp, luxury Chinese tea, and eggs.
A dish made with shrimp, lychees, and sugar.
A dish made with tofu, beef, chili pepper, and soy sauce.
A dish made with tofu, garlic, and leek.
A dish made with winter melon and sugar.
A drink made with assam tea and milk. Immediately restores 2 Action Points when used.
A drink made with assam tea and milk. Immediately restores 3 Action Points when used.
A drink made with cream and luxury Chinese tea.
A drink made with soda water and matcha.
A drink made with soda water and spice bundles.
A drink made with tonic water and mung beans.
A fish that has been specially cultivated to completely eliminate any odor. It is extremely expensive.
A fishing pole for the advanced fisherman.
A fishing pole for the beginner fisherman.
A fishing pole for the intermediate fisherman.
A fishing pole for the master fisherman.
A framed certificate found in a Palace.
A gift set that can be opened to obtain various training materials at random.
A guidebook introducing the history and permanent exhibitions of museums in Ueno.
A guidebook on handy tips for working part-time at convenience stores, and specific service methods that receive high praise from customers.
A guidebook on handy tips for working part-time at fast food restaurants, and specific service methods that receive high praise from customers.
A handbook explaining various first aid methods.\nIt provides many in-depth explanations, from disinfecting wounds to chest compressions.
A heartwarming school story where the new transfer student Kurumi-chan bonds with her kind teachers and classmates.
A key that opens a treasure chest. Only usable once.
A keycard for opening certain locks.
A large big-scaled redfin. It's larger than average and fetches a high price.
A large flounder. Due to its unique habitat, it is known for being difficult to catch.
A Lovely Moment
A magazine that provides an in-depth explanation of the popular action drama series "Phoenix Ranger Featherman."\nIt covers everything from the earliest films to its latest releases!
A material required to make fireworks. Obtained in Summer! Swimsuits! Sea Time!
A mature specimen weighing almost two pounds. Extremely rare and can even substitute for more high-grade trout.
A meaty horse mackerel. It has more fat and is larger than a regular horse mackerel.
A medium-sized fish. Grilled, boiled, or fried, it's perfect for all kinds of cooking.
A men's fashion magazine featuring popular celebrities and actors in photo spreads.\nThis special issue comes with a stylish eco-bag!
A model of Caf\xe9 Leblanc.
A model of Chihaya Mifune's fortune-telling booth.
A model of Heritage Kitchen.
A model of Merope's reception room.
A model of Takemi Medical Clinic.
A model of the airsoft shop.
A model of the bar in Shinjuku.
A model of the beef bowl restaurant in Shibuya.
A model of the convenience store in Shibuya.
A model of the drug store in Shibuya.
A model of the fishing pond in Ichigaya.
A model of the maid caf\xe9 in Akihabara.
A model of Victory Kitchen.
A more fattly white crucian carp. It's more suitable for raw consumption than common varieties.
A Night Together
A nutrient for use on plants. Can shortly decrease grow time.
A nutrient for use on plants. Can somewhat decrease grow time.
A nutrient for use on plants. Greatly decreases grow time and increases harvest amount.
A nutrient for use on plants. Reduces harvest time by a large amount, and increases yields.
A pacific herring caught using special techniques. Even its internal organs are in perfect condition.
A pack of every currency and Cognitite.
A pack of every Revelation Card.
A Persona named Agathion. It can be summoned during battle.
A Persona named Alice. It can be summoned during battle.
A Persona named Ame-no-Uzume. It can be summoned during battle.
A Persona named Andras. It can be summoned during battle.
A Persona named Angel. It can be summoned during battle.
A Persona named Anubis. It can be summoned during battle.
A Persona named Anzu. It can be summoned during battle.
A Persona named Apsaras. It can be summoned during battle.
A Persona named Ara Mitama. It can be summoned during battle.
A Persona named Arahabaki. It can be summoned during battle.
A Persona named Archangel. It can be summoned during battle.
A Persona named Atropos. It can be summoned during battle.
A Persona named Baphomet. It can be summoned during battle.
A Persona named Barong. It can be summoned during battle.
A Persona named Belial. It can be summoned during battle.
A Persona named Belphegor. It can be summoned during battle.
A Persona named Berith. It can be summoned during battle.
A Persona named Bicorn. It can be summoned during battle.
A Persona named Bishamonten. It can be summoned during battle.
A Persona named Black Frost. It can be summoned during battle.
A Persona named Black Ooze. It can be summoned during battle.
A Persona named Black Rider. It can be summoned during battle.
A Persona named Bugs. It can be summoned during battle.
A Persona named Byakko. It can be summoned during battle.
A Persona named Cerberus. It can be summoned during battle.
A Persona named Chernobog. It can be summoned during battle.
A Persona named Clotho. It can be summoned during battle.
A Persona named Cu Chulainn. It can be summoned during battle.
A Persona named Daisoujou. It can be summoned during battle.
A Persona named Dakini. It can be summoned during battle.
A Persona named Decarabia. It can be summoned during battle.
A Persona named Dionysus. It can be summoned during battle.
A Persona named Dominion. It can be summoned during battle.
A Persona named Eligor. It can be summoned during battle.
A Persona named Flauros. It can be summoned during battle.
A Persona named Fuu-Ki. It can be summoned during battle.
A Persona named Gabriel. It can be summoned during battle.
A Persona named Ganesha. It can be summoned during battle.
A Persona named Garuda. It can be summoned during battle.
A Persona named Genbu. It can be summoned during battle.
A Persona named Girimehkala. It can be summoned during battle.
A Persona named Hariti. It can be summoned during battle.
A Persona named Hecatoncheires. It can be summoned during battle.
A Persona named Hell Biker. It can be summoned during battle.
A Persona named High Pixie. It can be summoned during battle.
A Persona named Horus. It can be summoned during battle.
A Persona named Hua Po. It can be summoned during battle.
A Persona named Incubus. It can be summoned during battle.
A Persona named Inugami. It can be summoned during battle.
A Persona named Ippon-Datara. It can be summoned during battle.
A Persona named Isis. It can be summoned during battle.
A Persona named J\xe1no\u0161\xedk. It can be summoned during battle.
A Persona named Jack Frost. It can be summoned during battle.
A Persona named Jack-o'-Lantern. It can be summoned during battle.
A Persona named Jatayu. It can be summoned during battle.
A Persona named Jikokuten. It can be summoned during battle.
A Persona named Kaiwan. It can be summoned during battle.
A Persona named Kelpie. It can be summoned during battle.
A Persona named Kikuri-Hime. It can be summoned during battle.
A Persona named Kin-Ki. It can be summoned during battle.
A Persona named King Frost. It can be summoned during battle.
A Persona named Kodama. It can be summoned during battle.
A Persona named Kohryu. It can be summoned during battle.
A Persona named Koppa Tengu. It can be summoned during battle.
A Persona named Koropokguru. It can be summoned during battle.
A Persona named Koumokuten. It can be summoned during battle.
A Persona named Kumbhanda. It can be summoned during battle.
A Persona named Kurama Tengu. It can be summoned during battle.
A Persona named Kushi Mitama. It can be summoned during battle.
A Persona named Kushinada. It can be summoned during battle.
A Persona named Lachesis. It can be summoned during battle.
A Persona named Lakshmi. It can be summoned during battle.
A Persona named Lamia. It can be summoned during battle.
A Persona named Leanan Sidhe. It can be summoned during battle.
A Persona named Lilim. It can be summoned during battle.
A Persona named Lilith. It can be summoned during battle.
A Persona named Mada. It can be summoned during battle.
A Persona named Makami. It can be summoned during battle.
A Persona named Mandrake. It can be summoned during battle.
A Persona named Mara. It can be summoned during battle.
A Persona named Matador. It can be summoned during battle.
A Persona named Melchizedek. It can be summoned during battle.
A Persona named Michael. It can be summoned during battle.
A Persona named Mithras. It can be summoned during battle.
A Persona named Mitra. It can be summoned during battle.
A Persona named Mokoi. It can be summoned during battle.
A Persona named Moloch. It can be summoned during battle.
A Persona named Mothman. It can be summoned during battle.
A Persona named Naga. It can be summoned during battle.
A Persona named Narcissus. It can be summoned during battle.
A Persona named Nebiros. It can be summoned during battle.
A Persona named Neko Shogun. It can be summoned during battle.
A Persona named Nekomata. It can be summoned during battle.
A Persona named Nigi Mitama. It can be summoned during battle.
A Persona named Norn. It can be summoned during battle.
A Persona named Nue. It can be summoned during battle.
A Persona named Obariyon. It can be summoned during battle.
A Persona named Oberon. It can be summoned during battle.
A Persona named Okuninushi. It can be summoned during battle.
A Persona named Oni. It can be summoned during battle.
A Persona named Onmoraki. It can be summoned during battle.
A Persona named Orobas. It can be summoned during battle.
A Persona named Orthrus. It can be summoned during battle.
A Persona named Ose. It can be summoned during battle.
A Persona named Pale Rider. It can be summoned during battle.
A Persona named Parvati. It can be summoned during battle.
A Persona named Pazuzu. It can be summoned during battle.
A Persona named Phoenix. It can be summoned during battle.
A Persona named Pixie. It can be summoned during battle.
A Persona named Power. It can be summoned during battle.
A Persona named Principality. It can be summoned during battle.
A Persona named Queen Mab. It can be summoned during battle.
A Persona named Quetzalcoatl. It can be summoned during battle.
A Persona named Raja Naga. It can be summoned during battle.
A Persona named Rakshasa. It can be summoned during battle.
A Persona named Rangda. It can be summoned during battle.
A Persona named Red Rider. It can be summoned during battle.
A Persona named Saki Mitama. It can be summoned during battle.
A Persona named Sandalphon. It can be summoned during battle.
A Persona named Sandman. It can be summoned during battle.
A Persona named Sarasvati. It can be summoned during battle.
A Persona named Scathach. It can be summoned during battle.
A Persona named Seiryu. It can be summoned during battle.
A Persona named Setanta. It can be summoned during battle.
A Persona named Seth. It can be summoned during battle.
A Persona named Shiisaa. It can be summoned during battle.
A Persona named Shiki-Ouji. It can be summoned during battle.
A Persona named Shiva. It can be summoned during battle.
A Persona named Silky. It can be summoned during battle.
A Persona named Skadi. It can be summoned during battle.
A Persona named Slime. It can be summoned during battle.
A Persona named Succubus. It can be summoned during battle.
A Persona named Sudama. It can be summoned during battle.
A Persona named Sui-Ki. It can be summoned during battle.
A Persona named Surt. It can be summoned during battle.
A Persona named Suzaku. It can be summoned during battle.
A Persona named Thor. It can be summoned during battle.
A Persona named Thoth. It can be summoned during battle.
A Persona named Titania. It can be summoned during battle.
A Persona named Trumpeter. It can be summoned during battle.
A Persona named Unicorn. It can be summoned during battle.
A Persona named Valkyrie. It can be summoned during battle.
A Persona named Vishnu. It can be summoned during battle.
A Persona named White Rider. It can be summoned during battle.
A Persona named Yaksini. It can be summoned during battle.
A Persona named Yamata-no-Orochi. It can be summoned during battle.
A Persona named Yatagarasu. It can be summoned during battle.
A Persona named Yoshitsune. It can be summoned during battle.
A Persona named Yurlungur. It can be summoned during battle.
A Persona named Zouchouten. It can be summoned during battle.
A piece of a scattered puzzle that can be put together.
A point item gained from Send 'Em Flying. Can be used to obtain rewards and make Lufel dash in the Metaverse.
A proof of contract. Can be used in certain Contracts.
A rare capsule obtained from a capsule machine in the city. Can be displayed in your display case at home.
A rare capsule obtained from a Kichijoji-exclusive capsule machine. Can be displayed in your display case at home.
A rare wild pale bleak. Rich in amino acids and difficult to catch.
A rare, extra-large wild grouper. It is said to be used in state banquet-level dishes at high-end restaurants.
A rarely seen pearl-spot chromis. Even the most common ones can be sold at a high price.
A replica of the capsule machines that can be found around town.
A Revelation Card symbolizing abundance. Equipping it grants various effects.
A Revelation Card symbolizing acceptance. Equipping it grants various effects.
A Revelation Card symbolizing awareness. Equipping it grants various effects.
A Revelation Card symbolizing completion. Equipping it grants various effects.
A Revelation Card symbolizing creation. Equipping it grants various effects.
A Revelation Card symbolizing defeat. Equipping it grants various effects.
A Revelation Card symbolizing departure. Equipping it grants various effects.
A Revelation Card symbolizing disappointment. Equipping it grants various effects.
A Revelation Card symbolizing dominion. Equipping it grants various effects.
A Revelation Card symbolizing faith. Equipping it grants various effects.
A Revelation Card symbolizing freedom. Equipping it grants various effects.
A Revelation Card symbolizing futility. Equipping it grants various effects.
A Revelation Card symbolizing growth. Equipping it grants various effects.
A Revelation Card symbolizing harmony. Equipping it grants various effects.
A Revelation Card symbolizing hope. Equipping it grants various effects.
A Revelation Card symbolizing integrity. Can grant various effects if equipped.
A Revelation Card symbolizing interference. Equipping it grants various effects.
A Revelation Card symbolizing love. Equipping it grants various effects.
A Revelation Card symbolizing luxury. Equipping it grants various effects.
A Revelation Card symbolizing meditation. Equipping it grants various effects.
A Revelation Card symbolizing oppression. Equipping it grants various effects.
A Revelation Card symbolizing peace. Equipping it grants various effects.
A Revelation Card symbolizing perseverance. Equipping it grants various effects.
A Revelation Card symbolizing pleasure. Equipping it grants various effects.
A Revelation Card symbolizing power. Equipping it grants various effects.
A Revelation Card symbolizing reconciliation. Equipping it grants various effects.
A Revelation Card symbolizing resolve. Equipping it grants various effects.
A Revelation Card symbolizing science. Equipping it grants various effects.
A Revelation Card symbolizing sorrow. Equipping it grants various effects.
A Revelation Card symbolizing strife. Equipping it grants various effects.
A Revelation Card symbolizing success. Equipping it grants various effects.
A Revelation Card symbolizing the self. Can grant various effects if equipped.
A Revelation Card symbolizing transformation. Equipping it grants various effects.
A Revelation Card symbolizing trust. Equipping it grants various effects.
A Revelation Card symbolizing valor. Equipping it grants various effects.
A Revelation Card symbolizing victory. Equipping it grants various effects.
A Revelation Card symbolizing virtue. Equipping it grants various effects.
A Revelation Card symbolizing wisdom. Equipping it grants various effects.
A Revelation Card symbolizing works. Equipping it grants various effects.
A Revelation Card symbolizing worry. Equipping it grants various effects.
A Rose Bonded
A Rose Encountered
A Rose Understood
A seal engraved with the legend of Agathion. It can be used to strengthen and fuse Personas.
A seal engraved with the legend of Alice. It can be used to strengthen and fuse Personas.
A seal engraved with the legend of Ame-no-Uzume. It can be used to strengthen and fuse Personas.
A seal engraved with the legend of Andras. It can be used to strengthen and fuse Personas.
A seal engraved with the legend of Angel. It can be used to strengthen and fuse Personas.
A seal engraved with the legend of Anubis. It can be used to strengthen and fuse Personas.
A seal engraved with the legend of Anzu. It can be used to strengthen and fuse Personas.
A seal engraved with the legend of Apsaras. It can be used to strengthen and fuse Personas.
A seal engraved with the legend of Ara Mitama. It can be used to strengthen and fuse Personas.
A seal engraved with the legend of Arahabaki. It can be used to strengthen and fuse Personas.
A seal engraved with the legend of Archangel. It can be used to strengthen and fuse Personas.
A seal engraved with the legend of Atropos. It can be used to strengthen and fuse Personas.
A seal engraved with the legend of Baphomet. It can be used to strengthen and fuse Personas.
A seal engraved with the legend of Barong. It can be used to strengthen and fuse Personas.
A seal engraved with the legend of Belial. It can be used to strengthen and fuse Personas.
A seal engraved with the legend of Belphegor. It can be used to strengthen and fuse Personas.
A seal engraved with the legend of Berith. It can be used to strengthen and fuse Personas.
A seal engraved with the legend of Bicorn. It can be used to strengthen and fuse Personas.
A seal engraved with the legend of Bishamonten. It can be used to strengthen and fuse Personas.
A seal engraved with the legend of Black Frost. It can be used to strengthen and fuse Personas.
A seal engraved with the legend of Black Ooze. It can be used to strengthen and fuse Personas.
A seal engraved with the legend of Black Rider. It can be used to strengthen and fuse Personas.
A seal engraved with the legend of Bugs. It can be used to strengthen and fuse Personas.
A seal engraved with the legend of Byakko. It can be used to strengthen and fuse Personas.
A seal engraved with the legend of Cerberus. It can be used to strengthen and fuse Personas.
A seal engraved with the legend of Chernobog. It can be used to strengthen and fuse Personas.
A seal engraved with the legend of Clotho. It can be used to strengthen and fuse Personas.
A seal engraved with the legend of Cu Chulainn. It can be used to strengthen and fuse Personas.
A seal engraved with the legend of Daisoujou. It can be used to strengthen and fuse Personas.
A seal engraved with the legend of Dakini. It can be used to strengthen and fuse Personas.
A seal engraved with the legend of Decarabia. It can be used to strengthen and fuse Personas.
A seal engraved with the legend of Dionysus. It can be used to strengthen and fuse Personas.
A seal engraved with the legend of Dominion. It can be used to strengthen and fuse Personas.
A seal engraved with the legend of Eligor. It can be used to strengthen and fuse Personas.
A seal engraved with the legend of Flauros. It can be used to strengthen and fuse Personas.
A seal engraved with the legend of Fuu-Ki. It can be used to strengthen and fuse Personas.
A seal engraved with the legend of Gabriel. It can be used to strengthen and fuse Personas.
A seal engraved with the legend of Ganesha. It can be used to strengthen and fuse Personas.
A seal engraved with the legend of Garuda. It can be used to strengthen and fuse Personas.
A seal engraved with the legend of Genbu. It can be used to strengthen and fuse Personas.
A seal engraved with the legend of Girimehkala. It can be used to strengthen and fuse Personas.
A seal engraved with the legend of Hariti. It can be used to strengthen and fuse Personas.
A seal engraved with the legend of Hecatoncheires. It can be used to strengthen and fuse Personas.
A seal engraved with the legend of Hell Biker. It can be used to strengthen and fuse Personas.
A seal engraved with the legend of High Pixie. It can be used to strengthen and fuse Personas.
A seal engraved with the legend of Horus. It can be used to strengthen and fuse Personas.
A seal engraved with the legend of Hua Po. It can be used to strengthen and fuse Personas.
A seal engraved with the legend of Incubus. It can be used to strengthen and fuse Personas.
A seal engraved with the legend of Inugami. It can be used to strengthen and fuse Personas.
A seal engraved with the legend of Ippon-Datara. It can be used to strengthen and fuse Personas.
A seal engraved with the legend of Isis. It can be used to strengthen and fuse Personas.
A seal engraved with the legend of J\xe1no\u0161\xedk. It can be used to strengthen and fuse Personas.
A seal engraved with the legend of Jack Frost. It can be used to strengthen and fuse Personas.
A seal engraved with the legend of Jack-o'-Lantern. It can be used to strengthen and fuse Personas.
A seal engraved with the legend of Jatayu. It can be used to strengthen and fuse Personas.
A seal engraved with the legend of Jikokuten. It can be used to strengthen and fuse Personas.
A seal engraved with the legend of Kaiwan. It can be used to strengthen and fuse Personas.
A seal engraved with the legend of Kelpie. It can be used to strengthen and fuse Personas.
A seal engraved with the legend of Kikuri-Hime. It can be used to strengthen and fuse Personas.
A seal engraved with the legend of Kin-Ki. It can be used to strengthen and fuse Personas.
A seal engraved with the legend of King Frost. It can be used to strengthen and fuse Personas.
A seal engraved with the legend of Kodama. It can be used to strengthen and fuse Personas.
A seal engraved with the legend of Kohryu. It can be used to strengthen and fuse Personas.
A seal engraved with the legend of Koppa Tengu. It can be used to strengthen and fuse Personas.
A seal engraved with the legend of Koropokguru. It can be used to strengthen and fuse Personas.
A seal engraved with the legend of Koumokuten. It can be used to strengthen and fuse Personas.
A seal engraved with the legend of Kumbhanda. It can be used to strengthen and fuse Personas.
A seal engraved with the legend of Kurama Tengu. It can be used to strengthen and fuse Personas.
A seal engraved with the legend of Kushi Mitama. It can be used to strengthen and fuse Personas.
A seal engraved with the legend of Kushinada. It can be used to strengthen and fuse Personas.
A seal engraved with the legend of Lachesis. It can be used to strengthen and fuse Personas.
A seal engraved with the legend of Lakshmi. It can be used to strengthen and fuse Personas.
A seal engraved with the legend of Lamia. It can be used to strengthen and fuse Personas.
A seal engraved with the legend of Leanan Sidhe. It can be used to strengthen and fuse Personas.
A seal engraved with the legend of Lilim. It can be used to strengthen and fuse Personas.
A seal engraved with the legend of Lilith. It can be used to strengthen and fuse Personas.
A seal engraved with the legend of Mada. It can be used to strengthen and fuse Personas.
A seal engraved with the legend of Makami. It can be used to strengthen and fuse Personas.
A seal engraved with the legend of Mandrake. It can be used to strengthen and fuse Personas.
A seal engraved with the legend of Mara. It can be used to strengthen and fuse Personas.
A seal engraved with the legend of Matador. It can be used to strengthen and fuse Personas.
A seal engraved with the legend of Melchizedek. It can be used to strengthen and fuse Personas.
A seal engraved with the legend of Michael. It can be used to strengthen and fuse Personas.
A seal engraved with the legend of Mithras. It can be used to strengthen and fuse Personas.
A seal engraved with the legend of Mitra. It can be used to strengthen and fuse Personas.
A seal engraved with the legend of Mokoi. It can be used to strengthen and fuse Personas.
A seal engraved with the legend of Moloch. It can be used to strengthen and fuse Personas.
A seal engraved with the legend of Mothman. It can be used to strengthen and fuse Personas.
A seal engraved with the legend of Naga. It can be used to strengthen and fuse Personas.
A seal engraved with the legend of Narcissus. It can be used to strengthen and fuse Personas.
A seal engraved with the legend of Nebiros. It can be used to strengthen and fuse Personas.
A seal engraved with the legend of Neko Shogun. It can be used to strengthen and fuse Personas.
A seal engraved with the legend of Nekomata. It can be used to strengthen and fuse Personas.
A seal engraved with the legend of Nigi Mitama. It can be used to strengthen and fuse Personas.
A seal engraved with the legend of Norn. It can be used to strengthen and fuse Personas.
A seal engraved with the legend of Nue. It can be used to strengthen and fuse Personas.
A seal engraved with the legend of Obariyon. It can be used to strengthen and fuse Personas.
A seal engraved with the legend of Oberon. It can be used to strengthen and fuse Personas.
A seal engraved with the legend of Okuninushi. It can be used to strengthen and fuse Personas.
A seal engraved with the legend of Oni. It can be used to strengthen and fuse Personas.
A seal engraved with the legend of Onmoraki. It can be used to strengthen and fuse Personas.
A seal engraved with the legend of Orobas. It can be used to strengthen and fuse Personas.
A seal engraved with the legend of Orthrus. It can be used to strengthen and fuse Personas.
A seal engraved with the legend of Ose. It can be used to strengthen and fuse Personas.
A seal engraved with the legend of Pale Rider. It can be used to strengthen and fuse Personas.
A seal engraved with the legend of Parvati. It can be used to strengthen and fuse Personas.
A seal engraved with the legend of Pazuzu. It can be used to strengthen and fuse Personas.
A seal engraved with the legend of Phoenix. It can be used to strengthen and fuse Personas.
A seal engraved with the legend of Pixie. It can be used to strengthen and fuse Personas.
A seal engraved with the legend of Power. It can be used to strengthen and fuse Personas.
A seal engraved with the legend of Principality. It can be used to strengthen and fuse Personas.
A seal engraved with the legend of Queen Mab. It can be used to strengthen and fuse Personas.
A seal engraved with the legend of Quetzalcoatl. It can be used to strengthen and fuse Personas.
A seal engraved with the legend of Raja Naga. It can be used to strengthen and fuse Personas.
A seal engraved with the legend of Rakshasa. It can be used to strengthen and fuse Personas.
A seal engraved with the legend of Rangda. It can be used to strengthen and fuse Personas.
A seal engraved with the legend of Red Rider. It can be used to strengthen and fuse Personas.
A seal engraved with the legend of Saki Mitama. It can be used to strengthen and fuse Personas.
A seal engraved with the legend of Sandalphon. It can be used to strengthen and fuse Personas.
A seal engraved with the legend of Sandman. It can be used to strengthen and fuse Personas.
A seal engraved with the legend of Sarasvati. It can be used to strengthen and fuse Personas.
A seal engraved with the legend of Scathach. It can be used to strengthen and fuse Personas.
A seal engraved with the legend of Seiryu. It can be used to strengthen and fuse Personas.
A seal engraved with the legend of Setanta. It can be used to strengthen and fuse Personas.
A seal engraved with the legend of Seth. It can be used to strengthen and fuse Personas.
A seal engraved with the legend of Shiisaa. It can be used to strengthen and fuse Personas.
A seal engraved with the legend of Shiki-Ouji. It can be used to strengthen and fuse Personas.
A seal engraved with the legend of Shiva. It can be used to strengthen and fuse Personas.
A seal engraved with the legend of Silky. It can be used to strengthen and fuse Personas.
A seal engraved with the legend of Skadi. It can be used to strengthen and fuse Personas.
A seal engraved with the legend of Slime. It can be used to strengthen and fuse Personas.
A seal engraved with the legend of Succubus. It can be used to strengthen and fuse Personas.
A seal engraved with the legend of Sudama. It can be used to strengthen and fuse Personas.
A seal engraved with the legend of Sui-Ki. It can be used to strengthen and fuse Personas.
A seal engraved with the legend of Surt. It can be used to strengthen and fuse Personas.
A seal engraved with the legend of Suzaku. It can be used to strengthen and fuse Personas.
A seal engraved with the legend of Thor. It can be used to strengthen and fuse Personas.
A seal engraved with the legend of Thoth. It can be used to strengthen and fuse Personas.
A seal engraved with the legend of Titania. It can be used to strengthen and fuse Personas.
A seal engraved with the legend of Trumpeter. It can be used to strengthen and fuse Personas.
A seal engraved with the legend of Unicorn. It can be used to strengthen and fuse Personas.
A seal engraved with the legend of Valkyrie. It can be used to strengthen and fuse Personas.
A seal engraved with the legend of Vishnu. It can be used to strengthen and fuse Personas.
A seal engraved with the legend of White Rider. It can be used to strengthen and fuse Personas.
A seal engraved with the legend of Yaksini. It can be used to strengthen and fuse Personas.
A seal engraved with the legend of Yamata-no-Orochi. It can be used to strengthen and fuse Personas.
A seal engraved with the legend of Yatagarasu. It can be used to strengthen and fuse Personas.
A seal engraved with the legend of Yoshitsune. It can be used to strengthen and fuse Personas.
A seal engraved with the legend of Yurlungur. It can be used to strengthen and fuse Personas.
A seal engraved with the legend of Zouchouten. It can be used to strengthen and fuse Personas.
A set of every emote.
A set of every kind of medicine.
A set of every Persona.
A set of every Phantom Thief.
A set of every standard Persona.
A set of every training material.
A set of every weapon.
A set of four Lucky Coins and various training materials. Reimburses reward differences between Premium Pass parts 1 and 2.
A set of one Lucky Coin and various training materials. Reimburses reward differences between Premium Pass pts. 1 and 2.
A set that can be opened to obtain various rewards.
A set that can be opened to obtain Words of Life I rewards once.
A set that can be opened to obtain Words of Nature I rewards once.
A set that lets you obtain every Revelation Card.
A shard of a Persona. Can be obtained through disassembling Personas.
A small machine gifted from a worker in the Dam Palace. It records your current coordinates.
A spare chain that transformed to resemble a bowl seen at Victory Kitchen.
A spare chain that transformed to resemble a coffee cup.
A spare chain that transformed to resemble a lighter.
A special crystal used to forge Abyss Fang.
A special crystal used to forge All In.
A special crystal used to forge Arc Knife.
A special crystal used to forge Ex Machina.
A special crystal used to forge Eye of Obsequies.
A special crystal used to forge Glimmer.
A special crystal used to forge Headhunter Ladle.
A special crystal used to forge Red Plum Blossom.
A special crystal used to forge Sennight Inferno.
A special crystal used to forge Starry Compass.
A special frame received from an official event.
A special frame received from the pre-registration promo.
A special material used to forge 4\u2605 weapons.
A special material used to forge 5\u2605 weapons.
A special profile card design for pre-registering.
A statue born from Hiromu Miyazawa's desires.
A statue born from Kei Akashi's desires.
A statue born from Kumi Katayama's desires.
A statue born from Takeyuki Kiuchi's desires.
A statue of a powerful Shadow that manifested in Mementos from twisted desires.
A statue of a Shadow born from the Sea of Souls.
A statue of a Shadow from a Palace. Takes the form of a bank security guard.
A statue of a Shadow from a Palace. Takes the form of a castle guard.
A statue of a Shadow from a Palace. Takes the form of a museum security guard.
A statue of a Shadow from Katayama's Palace. Takes the form of a mechanic.
A statue of a Shadow from Katayama's Palace. Takes the form of a power plant supervisor.
A statue of a Shadow from Katayama's Palace. Takes the form of a power plant worker.
A statue of a Shadow from Kiuchi's Palace. Takes the form of a baseball player.
A statue of a Shadow from Kiuchi's Palace. Takes the form of a stadium security guard.
A statue of a Shadow from Kiuchi's Palace. Takes the form of a stadium vendor.
A statue of a Shadow from Mementos, born from the distorted desires of the masses.
A statue of a Shadow from Miyazawa's Palace. Takes the form of a ninja.
A statue of a Shadow from Miyazawa's Palace. Takes the form of a samurai.
A statue of a Shadow from Miyazawa's Palace. Takes the form of a shogun.
A statue of a Shadow that manifested in Mementos from intense desires.
A statue of Lufel in an unusual form, manifested by mysterious cognitions.
A story about a beloved apothecary who was suddenly accused of witchcraft and executed.\nYou may be able to learn from this woman's passion for gaining knowledge of medical science.
A story about a dancer who finds a castle sealed in ice, and meets a musician there. They discuss and come to understand the charms of their different arts.
A story about a dog kept by a poor student that spends its days observing humans.\nReading it might help you understand the dog's proficient way of living.
A story about a genius physicist who falls in love with a struggling single mother, and how he covers up her criminal deeds.\nA novel that will move your heart.
A story about a high school girl who has been tormented by her classmates awakens to her powers as a witch and seeks revenge.\nJust reading it seems to give you the courage to resist.
A story about a princess exiled to an island by the queen. She spends her days practicing dance in the hope of one day getting her revenge at the ball.\nThe illustrations of the princess's elegant footwork may enhance your proficiency.
A story about a quiet, kindhearted schoolgirl who seeks true love while resisting the hands of fate.\nFor those seeking a heartwarming school romance story.
A story about a scientist who uses technology to become a "Modern Ninja."\nThere's something to be learned from his proficiency in making gadgets and hidden weapons.
A story of a boy's baseball team chasing their dreams, repeatedly missing their shot at victory, but ultimately reaching the top through their efforts.\nReading about their enthusiastic determination may boost your courage.
A super rare capsule obtained from a capsule machine in the city. Can be displayed in your display case at home.
A super rare capsule obtained from a Kichijoji-exclusive capsule machine. Can be displayed in your display case at home.
A super rare capsule obtained from a Shibuya-exclusive capsule machine. Can be displayed in your display case at home.
A super rare capsule obtained from a Shinjuku-exclusive capsule machine. Can be displayed in your display case at home.
A super rare capsule obtained from a Zoshigaya-exclusive capsule machine. Can be displayed in your display case at home.
A survival story about a group of high school students who are suddenly transported to a hell dimension along with their school building.\nIt might help you learn how to survive in another world too...
A symbol of a Persona's abilities. Can be used to level up Phantom Thieves.
A symbol of a Phantom Idol's abilities. Can be used to level up Phantom Idols.
A tale of a nobleman from a thousand years ago who came to the aid of women in distress.\nIt will surely deepen your compassion and kindness.
A ticket for the Phantom Thief Trials. Can be exchanged for rewards in the Shop during the event. Can't be used after the event ends.
A tool usable in the Metaverse to open locked doors.
A tool usable in the Metaverse to open locked treasure chests.\nCrafted at the workbench with aluminum sheets, liquid mercury, and moissanite.
A touching story about a boy who sends letters to his girlfriend after her tragic passing, and how those letters lead to a new bond.
A volleyball found in the Castle.
A Yumi Shiina-exclusive emote set.\nCan be obtained by becoming soulmates with her.
A-Tier Fan Card
Able to change request content for dispatches before deploying Phantom Thieves. Obtainable from the Daily Bonus in the Shop and by claiming Phantom Pass Monday Rewards.
Abundance Revelation - Blue
Abundance Revelation - Orange
Abundance Revelation - Purple
Acceptable Emote
Acceptance Revelation - Blue
Acceptance Revelation - Orange
Acceptance Revelation - Purple
Ace Striker
Acrobat Shichi-kun
Action Points
Activated Charcoal
Adhesive Bandage
Adyeshach Ticket
After use, you can select one non-Most Wanted 5\u2605 weapon from pre-Ver.1.3.2 Weapons Arms Deals. Selectable weapons: Revenge Axe, Golden Legacy, Rosethorn, Infinite Moment, Sweet Pickaxe, Angel Heart, Quasar, Fallen Angel Wing, Permafrost, Final Buster, Retro Disco Style, Dream and Nightmare, Baptism by Fire, Karmic Cycle, Venus Sunrise, Babel's Verdict, Queen of Winter, and Ephemerality.
After You
Agathion's Seal
Aiyatsbus Ticket
Aizome Jinbei
Akechi Avatar
Akechi's Cognitite
Akechi's Cognitite Shard
Akechi-only melee weapon.
Akzeriyyuth Ticket
Alert Capsule
Alevin Abode
Alice's Seal
All about First Aid
All about Skytree
All In Shard
Allows Ann Takamaki to play Tycoon.
Allows Futaba Sakura to play Tycoon.
Allows Haru Okumura to play Tycoon.
Allows Haruna Nishimori to play Tycoon.
Allows Kasumi Yoshizawa to play Tycoon.
Allows Kiyoshi Kurotani to play Tycoon.
Allows Kotone Montagne to play Tycoon.
Allows Makoto Niijima to play Tycoon.
Allows Masaki Ashiya to play Tycoon.
Allows Minami Miyashita to play Tycoon.
Allows Morgana to play Tycoon.
Allows purchase of various items within the Thieves Den. Used medals are restored over time.
Allows Ren Amamiya to play Tycoon.
Allows Ryuji Sakamoto to play Tycoon.
Allows Tomoko Noge to play Tycoon.
Allows Yaoling Li to play Tycoon.
Allows you to make almond jelly when used.
Allows you to make beef stew when used.
Allows you to make Cantonese char siu when used.
Allows you to make Chinese medicinal soup when used.
Allows you to make Chinese stir-fry when used.
Allows you to make cream soda when used.
Allows you to make croquettes when used.
Allows you to make curry with rice when used.
Allows you to make eel rice bowls when used.
Allows you to make flan when used.
Allows you to make grilled rockfish when used.
Allows you to make gyoza when used.
Allows you to make lychee shrimp balls when used.
Allows you to make manju when used.
Allows you to make mapo tofu when used.
Allows you to make matcha ice cream when used.
Allows you to make matcha soda when used.
Allows you to make meat pies when used.
Allows you to make mellow floats when used.
Allows you to make milk pudding when used.
Allows you to make milk tea when used.
Allows you to make miso ramen when used.
Allows you to make mouthwatering chicken when used.
Allows you to make mung bean milk when used.
Allows you to make omelette rice when used.
Allows you to make refreshing tonics when used.
Allows you to make sashimi when used.
Allows you to make seafood salad when used.
Allows you to make seared beef when used.
Allows you to make shiruko when used.
Allows you to make shrimp stir-fry when used.
Allows you to make spicy boiled dish when used.
Allows you to make spring rolls when used.
Allows you to make stewed chicken when used.
Allows you to make sticky rice balls when used.
Allows you to make sukiyaki when used.
Allows you to make sweet and sour fish when used.
Allows you to make sweet kinako mochi when used.
Allows you to make tempura when used.
Allows you to make tonkatsu when used.
Allows you to make tricolored dango when used.
Allows you to make vinegar tofu when used.
Allows you to make winter melon tea when used.
Allows you to make youlinji when used.
Allows you to unlock and play Phantom Thief Trials at a certain time. Up to three of these can be held at once.
Allows Yui to play Tycoon.
Allows Yusuke Kitagawa to play Tycoon.
Almond Jelly Recipe
Almonds
Aluminum Sheet
Amber Glass
Ambition Line Course 6
Ambition Line Course 7
Ambition Line Course 8
Ame-no-Uzume's Seal
Amped-Up Guitar Axe
An advanced book for leveling up your cooking skills.\nFor those who want to be able to judge the quality of ingredients at a glance.
An ancient book on Rakugo. Purchased at Taiheido Bookstore while on an errand for Tetsunojou Shishida.
An Asklepian Bonded
An Asklepian Encountered
An Asklepian Understood
An Ayaka Sakai-exclusive emote set.\nCan be obtained by becoming soulmates with her.
An especially valuable variety of camellia.
An Icy Wind Bonded
An Icy Wind Encountered
An Icy Wind Understood
An illustrated brochure found in the Museum Palace.
An item needed to attempt Trial of the Astrolabe. Restores 7 days after an attempt.
Analysis of Film
Andras's Seal
Anecdote Cube
Angel Heart
Angel's Seal
Angry Emote
Ann \u2665Q
Ann Avatar
Ann's Cognitite
Ann's Cognitite Shard
Ann's Invite
Ann-only melee weapon.
Anonymous Mission
Anubis's Seal
Anzu's Seal
Aohige
AP Replenishment
Apathy in the Modern Age
Apocryphal Seal
Appears to be an ordinary length of chain. Can be used as spare parts for repairing machinery.
Apple Juice
Apsaras's Seal
Apt Commander of Lust
Apt Commander of Wrath
Aqua Designer Cap
Aqua Short Blouson
Aqua Shoulder Bag
Aqua Tech Sneakers
Ara Mitama's Seal
Arahabaki's Seal
Arc Knife
Arc Knife Shard
Archangel's Seal
Armored Hero
Aromatics
Artisan's Mod Order
Artisan's Secrets
Artsy Shoulder Bag
As the name suggests, it is the largest salmon. It is also a rare fish that can only be caught under special conditions.
Ashen Mask
Ashiya \u26666
Ashiya Avatar
Ashiya's Cognitite Shard
Ashiya's Invite
Ashiya's Synergy
Ashiya-only melee weapon.
Assam Tea
Athame
Athlete's Protein
Atomic Charm
Atropos's Seal
Attire Set CBT 2
Avatamsa Incense
Avatar
Avatar.\nA Phantom Idol created by Merope. A new style she is trying in the field of cognition.
Avatar.\nAt Kokatsu Academy's summer trip, Motoha makes quite an impression in her swimsuit.
Avatar.\nInfluenced by the perception that "you've got to wear a swimsuit at the beach," Motoha's new Phantom Thief attire carries a powerful force of Desire.
Avatar.\nTomoko at her job at the beach house. Apparently the swimsuit was recommended by the couple who owns the shop.
Avocadus Rollson
Awakening Lion
Awarded for attempting Nightmare's Gateway and your Companio ranking #1 - #10.
Awarded for attempting Nightmare's Gateway and your Companio ranking #101 - #200.
Awarded for attempting Nightmare's Gateway and your Companio ranking #11 - #50.
Awarded for attempting Nightmare's Gateway and your Companio ranking #200 or lower.
Awarded for attempting Nightmare's Gateway and your Companio ranking #51 - #100.
Awarded for clearing all Brawl Bots challenge battles
Awarded for clearing conditions in Send 'Em Flying. Can be used to exchange for various items.
Awarded for clearing Difficulty 10 of Figure of Avarice in Crossroads of Fate: Spaceport Arc.
Awarded for clearing Difficulty 10 of Sinner of Wrath in Crossroads of Fate: Pyramid Arc.
Awarded for clearing Difficulty 20 of Figure of Avarice in Crossroads of Fate: Spaceport Arc.
Awarded for clearing Difficulty 20 of Sinner of Wrath in Crossroads of Fate: Pyramid Arc.
Awarded for clearing Difficulty 25 of Figure of Avarice in Crossroads of Fate: Spaceport Arc.
Awarded for clearing Difficulty 25 of Sinner of Wrath in Crossroads of Fate: Pyramid Arc.
Awarded for clearing Difficulty 3 of Metro of Desire with a standard party formation.
Awarded for clearing Difficulty 30 of Figure of Avarice in Crossroads of Fate: Spaceport Arc.
Awarded for clearing Difficulty 30 of Sinner of Wrath in Crossroads of Fate: Pyramid Arc.
Awarded for clearing Difficulty 6 of the Hope Line in Metro of Desire.
Awarded for clearing Difficulty 6 of the Wish Line in Metro of Desire.
Awarded for clearing Difficulty 7 of the Hope Line in Metro of Desire.
Awarded for clearing Difficulty 7 of the Wish Line in Metro of Desire.
Awarded for clearing Difficulty 8 of the Hope Line in Metro of Desire.
Awarded for clearing Difficulty 8 of the Wish Line in Metro of Desire.
Awarded for clearing the Advanced Stage of Cherish's Special Mission in Thief Tryout.
Awarded for clearing the Advanced Stage of Messa's Special Mission in Thief Tryout.
Awarded for clearing the Advanced Stage of Mont's Special Mission in Thief Tryout.
Awarded for clearing the Beginner Stage of Cherish's Special Mission in Thief Tryout.
Awarded for clearing the Beginner Stage of Messa's Special Mission in Thief Tryout.
Awarded for clearing the Beginner Stage of Mont's Special Mission in Thief Tryout.
Awarded for clearing the Half Anniversary event mission. If over a certain number of players use it, they will receive a reward.
Awarded for clearing the Intermediate Stage of Cherish's Special Mission in Thief Tryout.
Awarded for clearing the Intermediate Stage of Messa's Special Mission in Thief Tryout.
Awarded for clearing the Intermediate Stage of Mont's Special Mission in Thief Tryout.
Awarded for completing the Catch Log.
Awarded for completing the Challenge Goal for the Trial of Thorns.
Awarded for destroying all search objects at the Dam.
Awarded for earning the Gold Gunner rating in Endless Mode of the Shooting Challenge.
Awarded for earning the Platinum Gunner rating in Endless Mode of the Shooting Challenge.
Awarded for earning the Silver Gunner rating in Endless Mode of the Shooting Challenge.
Awarded for filling up your collections to Magnificent Explorer level.
Awarded for holding 1\u2605 Class 1 when the Trials from the Sea of Souls ends.
Awarded for holding 1\u2605 Class 2 when the Trials from the Sea of Souls ends.
Awarded for holding 1\u2605 Class 3 when the Trials from the Sea of Souls ends.
Awarded for holding 1\u2605 Class 5 when the Trials from the Sea of Souls ends.
Awarded for holding 2\u2605 Class 1 when the Trials from the Sea of Souls ends.
Awarded for holding 2\u2605 Class 2 when the Trials from the Sea of Souls ends.
Awarded for holding 2\u2605 Class 3 when the Trials from the Sea of Souls ends.
Awarded for holding 2\u2605 Class 4 when the Trials from the Sea of Souls ends.
Awarded for holding 2\u2605 Class 5 when the Trials from the Sea of Souls ends.
Awarded for holding 3\u2605 Class 1 when the Trials from the Sea of Souls ends.
Awarded for holding 3\u2605 Class 2 when the Trials from the Sea of Souls ends.
Awarded for holding 3\u2605 Class 3 when the Trials from the Sea of Souls ends.
Awarded for holding 3\u2605 Class 4 when the Trials from the Sea of Souls ends.
Awarded for holding 3\u2605 Class 5 when the Trials from the Sea of Souls ends.
Awarded for holding 4\u2605 Class 1 when the Trials from the Sea of Souls ends.
Awarded for holding 4\u2605 Class 2 when the Trials from the Sea of Souls ends.
Awarded for holding 4\u2605 Class 3 when the Trials from the Sea of Souls ends.
Awarded for holding 4\u2605 Class 4 when the Trials from the Sea of Souls ends.
Awarded for holding 4\u2605 Class 5 when the Trials from the Sea of Souls ends.
Awarded for holding 5\u2605 Class 1 when the Trials from the Sea of Souls ends.
Awarded for holding 5\u2605 Class 2 when the Trials from the Sea of Souls ends.
Awarded for holding 5\u2605 Class 3 when the Trials from the Sea of Souls ends.
Awarded for holding 5\u2605 Class 4 when the Trials from the Sea of Souls ends.
Awarded for holding 5\u2605 Class 5 when the Trials from the Sea of Souls ends.
Awarded for holding 6\u2605 Class 1 when the Trials from the Sea of Souls ends.
Awarded for holding 6\u2605 Class 2 when the Trials from the Sea of Souls ends.
Awarded for holding 6\u2605 Class 3 when the Trials from the Sea of Souls ends.
Awarded for holding 6\u2605 Class 5 when the Trials from the Sea of Souls ends.
Awarded for holding 7\u2605 Class 1 when the Trials from the Sea of Souls ends.
Awarded for holding 7\u2605 Class 2 when the Trials from the Sea of Souls ends.
Awarded for holding 7\u2605 Class 3 when the Trials from the Sea of Souls ends.
Awarded for holding 7\u2605 Class 5 when the Trials from the Sea of Souls ends.
Awarded for holding 8\u2605 Class 1 when the Trials from the Sea of Souls ends.
Awarded for holding 8\u2605 Class 2 when the Trials from the Sea of Souls ends.
Awarded for holding 8\u2605 Class 3 when the Trials from the Sea of Souls ends.
Awarded for holding 8\u2605 Class 4 when the Trials from the Sea of Souls ends.
Awarded for holding 8\u2605 Class 5 when the Trials from the Sea of Souls ends.
Awarded for passing all monitoring points in Trial of the Astrolabe Pt. 1.
Awarded for playing the minigame Tycoon.
Awarded for playing the Wish Line in Metro of Desire.
Awarded for playing Unconditional Love Phase 1 in Chapter 3 of the Main Story.
Awarded for playing Unconditional Love Phase 2 in Chapter 3 of the Main Story.
Awarded for playing Unconditional Love Phase 3 in Chapter 3 of the Main Story.
Awarded for raising Ann's Awareness Level to 6.
Awarded for raising Ashiya's Awareness Level to 6.
Awarded for raising Ayaka's Awareness Level to 6.
Awarded for raising Futaba's Awareness Level to 6.
Awarded for raising Haru's Awareness Level to 6.
Awarded for raising Haruna's Awareness Level to 6.
Awarded for raising Kitazato's Awareness Level to 6.
Awarded for raising Kotone's Awareness Level to 6.
Awarded for raising Makoto's Awareness Level to 6.
Awarded for raising Minami's Awareness Level to 6.
Awarded for raising Morgana's Awareness Level to 6.
Awarded for raising Motoha's Awareness Level to 6.
Awarded for raising Ren's Awareness Level to 6.
Awarded for raising Ryuji's Awareness Level to 6.
Awarded for raising Tomoko's Awareness Level to 6.
Awarded for raising Yaoling's Awareness Level to 6.
Awarded for raising Yui's Awareness Level to 6.
Awarded for raising Yumi's Awareness Level to 6.
Awarded for raising Yusuke's Awareness Level to 6.
Awarded for reaching 100% exploration progress in Crossroads of Fate: Bank Arc.
Awarded for reaching 100% exploration progress in Crossroads of Fate: Castle Arc.
Awarded for reaching 100% exploration progress in Crossroads of Fate: Museum Arc.
Awarded for reaching 100% exploration progress in Crossroads of Fate: Pyramid Arc.
Awarded for reaching 100% Palace Progress in Crossroads of Fate: Spaceport Arc.
Awarded for reaching Barely Poor Rank in Tycoon.
Awarded for reaching Beggar Rank in Tycoon.
Awarded for reaching Billionaire Rank in Tycoon.
Awarded for reaching Gorgeously Common Rank in Tycoon.
Awarded for reaching Legendary Tycoon Rank in Tycoon.
Awarded for reaching level 10 in Band Club.
Awarded for reaching level 10 in Soccer Club.
Awarded for reaching Millionaire Rank in Tycoon.
Awarded for reaching Multimillionaire Rank in Tycoon.
Awarded for reaching Ordinarily Common Rank in Tycoon.
Awarded for reaching Ordinarily Poor Rank in Tycoon.
Awarded for reaching Ordinarily Rich Rank in Tycoon.
Awarded for reaching Quite Poor Rank in Tycoon.
Awarded for reaching Richly Common Rank in Tycoon.
Awarded for reaching Somewhat Common Rank in Tycoon.
Awarded for reaching Somewhat Poor Rank in Tycoon.
Awarded for reaching Staunchly Poor Rank in Tycoon.
Awarded for winning in the Tycoon event. For every 100 that you earn, you will receive a reward.
Awarded to all players who participated during the fixed time period in the new season of Nightmare's Gateway.
Awarded to all players who take on the challenge Nightmare's Gateway: Devourer of Dreams Pt. 1.
Awarded to players who rank within the top 5% in the challenge Nightmare's Gateway: Devourer of Dreams Pt. 1.
Awarded to players who ranked within the top 21% - 50% in the challenge Nightmare's Gateway: Devourer of Dreams Pt. 1.
Awarded to players who ranked within the top 6% - 20% in the challenge Nightmare's Gateway: Devourer of Dreams Pt. 1.
Awareness Revelation - Blue
Awareness Revelation - Orange
Awareness Revelation - Purple
Axe
Ayaka Avatar
Ayaka's Cognitite
Ayaka's Cognitite Shard
Ayaka's Synergy
Ayaka-only melee weapon.
Azuki Beans
B-Tier Fan Card
Babel's Verdict
Badges obtained from Crossroads of Fate: Pyramid Arc can be exchanged for 10 Konpaku Gems.
Badges obtained from Crossroads of Fate: Spaceport Arc can be exchanged for 10 Konpaku Gems.
Baidu Map
Baidu Map Collab
Bait
Bake-danuki
Balloon Shichi-kun
Bamboo Growth/Trust Gift
Bandit Sword
Bank Card
Bank Keycard
Baphomet's Seal
Baptism by Fire
Bar
Bardiche
Barely Poor
Barn Owl
Barong's Seal
Baseball Monthly
Baseball Pro
Baseball Spirit
Baseball Stadium Clear
Basic Tonfa
Bath Effect Up
Bath Time Emote
Batting Coupon
Batting Points
Battle Hymn
Battle Item
Bayonet
Beachwear
Beast Tamer Shichi-kun
Beautiful Icy Wind
Beef
Beef Bowl
Beef Bowl Bento
Beef Bun
Beef Stew Recipe
Beggar
Belial's Seal
Belphegor's Seal
Berith's Seal
Best Crucian Carp
Bicorn's Seal
Big Fan Emote
Big Top Shichi-kun
Billionaire
Bio Nutrients
BIRD STRIKER
Bishamonten's Seal
Bizarre Crown
Black & Red Shoulder Bag
Black Designer Denim
Black Frost's Seal
Black Ooze's Seal
Black Rider's Seal
Black Short Blouson
Black Thigh-Highs
Black Vinegar Stir-Fry Recipe
Blade Rod
Blades of Unity
Blakiston's Fish Owl
Blank Talisman
Blaze Charm
Bleh! Emote
Bless Attack Item S
Blooming Osmanthus
Blooming Plum Blossoms
Blow a Kiss Emote
Bludgeoning Bell
Blue Baseball
Blue Beanie
Blue Bucket Hat
Blue Character Bag
Blue Crystal
Blue Designer Denim
Blue Flowy Pj's
Blue Jacket
Blue Milicoin
Blue Mokokuma Pj's
Blue Office Hero
Blue Paint
Blue Planet
Blue Saber
Blue Tech Sneakers
Bluebird Drink
Boiled Egg
BONUS UP
Book
Book of Baseball
Book of Domination
Book of Modern Calisthenics
Book of Punishment
Booming Firecracker
Bouquet
Boy Meets Girl
Brass Knuckles
Brave Lance
Brawl Background
Brawl Bots Buff
Brawl Bots buff.
Brawl Bots Master
Break Tonfa
Brigante Buono
Brocade Fireworks
Bronze Ingot
Brown Bucket Hat
Brown Capris
Brown Leather Shoulder Bag
Brown Mokokuma Pj's
Brown Thigh-Highs
Bubble Baby
Bugs's Seal
Bui Avatar
Bui Badge
Bullet Bell
Burning Bell
Busting Out Pages
By the Window
Byakko's Seal
C-Tier Fan Card
C.A Explorer
Cabbage
Cabbage Seeds
Caby B. with Durian
Calling Card Emote
Calming Aroma
Camellia Seeds
Camellias
Can be collected to raise your route unlock rank and unlock the Path of Adyeshach.
Can be collected to raise your route unlock rank and unlock the Path of Aiyatsbus.
Can be collected to raise your route unlock rank and unlock the Path of Akzeriyyuth.
Can be collected to raise your route unlock rank and unlock the Path of Chemdah.
Can be collected to raise your route unlock rank and unlock the Path Of Iweleth.
Can be collected to raise your route unlock rank and unlock the Path of Kaitul.
Can be collected to raise your route unlock rank and unlock the Path of Qimranut.
Can be collected to raise your route unlock rank and unlock the Path of Sheriruth.
Can be combined with Retro Game Consoles and Activated Charcoal at the workbench to craft Lust Treasure Detectors.
Can be combined with Retro Game Consoles and Pearl Powder at the workbench to craft Wrath Treasure Detectors.
Can be combined with Retro Game Consoles and Red Phosphorus at the workbench to craft Vanity Treasure Detectors.
Can be combined with Retro Game Consoles and Stabilizer at the workbench to craft Gluttony Treasure Detectors.
Can be drawn from prayers in the shop to obtain various items.
Can be exchanged for 10 Konpaku Gems.
Can be exchanged for 100 Konpaku Gems.
Can be exchanged for 1008 points at the Catch 'n' Trade.
Can be exchanged for 1040 points at the Catch 'n' Trade.
Can be exchanged for 1056 points at the Catch 'n' Trade.
Can be exchanged for 1120 points at the Catch 'n' Trade.
Can be exchanged for 122 points at the Catch 'n' Trade.
Can be exchanged for 1232 points at the Catch 'n' Trade.
Can be exchanged for 1248 points at the Catch 'n' Trade.
Can be exchanged for 140 points at the Catch 'n' Trade.
Can be exchanged for 1456 points at the Catch 'n' Trade.
Can be exchanged for 157 points at the Catch 'n' Trade.
Can be exchanged for 175 points at the Catch 'n' Trade.
Can be exchanged for 180 points at the Catch 'n' Trade.
Can be exchanged for 19 points at the Catch 'n' Trade.
Can be exchanged for 192 points at the Catch 'n' Trade.
Can be exchanged for 200 points at the Catch 'n' Trade.
Can be exchanged for 202 points at the Catch 'n' Trade.
Can be exchanged for 210 points at the Catch 'n' Trade.
Can be exchanged for 22 points at the Catch 'n' Trade.
Can be exchanged for 220 points at the Catch 'n' Trade.
Can be exchanged for 225 points at the Catch 'n' Trade.
Can be exchanged for 227 points at the Catch 'n' Trade.
Can be exchanged for 2400 points at the Catch 'n' Trade.
Can be exchanged for 247 points at the Catch 'n' Trade.
Can be exchanged for 25 points at the Catch 'n' Trade.
Can be exchanged for 250 points at the Catch 'n' Trade.
Can be exchanged for 260 points at the Catch 'n' Trade.
Can be exchanged for 270 points at the Catch 'n' Trade.
Can be exchanged for 2700 points at the Catch 'n' Trade.
Can be exchanged for 275 points at the Catch 'n' Trade.
Can be exchanged for 28 points at the Catch 'n' Trade.
Can be exchanged for 292 points at the Catch 'n' Trade.
Can be exchanged for 30 points at the Catch 'n' Trade.
Can be exchanged for 300 points at the Catch 'n' Trade.
Can be exchanged for 3000 points at the Catch 'n' Trade.
Can be exchanged for 302 points at the Catch 'n' Trade.
Can be exchanged for 32 points at the Catch 'n' Trade.
Can be exchanged for 325 points at the Catch 'n' Trade.
Can be exchanged for 33 points at the Catch 'n' Trade.
Can be exchanged for 330 points at the Catch 'n' Trade.
Can be exchanged for 3300 points at the Catch 'n' Trade.
Can be exchanged for 35 points at the Catch 'n' Trade.
Can be exchanged for 357 points at the Catch 'n' Trade.
Can be exchanged for 36 points at the Catch 'n' Trade.
Can be exchanged for 3600 points at the Catch 'n' Trade.
Can be exchanged for 37 points at the Catch 'n' Trade.
Can be exchanged for 39 points at the Catch 'n' Trade.
Can be exchanged for 390 points at the Catch 'n' Trade.
Can be exchanged for 40 points at the Catch 'n' Trade.
Can be exchanged for 41 points at the Catch 'n' Trade.
Can be exchanged for 422 points at the Catch 'n' Trade.
Can be exchanged for 43 points at the Catch 'n' Trade.
Can be exchanged for 44 points at the Catch 'n' Trade.
Can be exchanged for 448 points at the Catch 'n' Trade.
Can be exchanged for 46 points at the Catch 'n' Trade.
Can be exchanged for 48 points at the Catch 'n' Trade.
Can be exchanged for 50 points at the Catch 'n' Trade.
Can be exchanged for 504 points at the Catch 'n' Trade.
Can be exchanged for 52 points at the Catch 'n' Trade.
Can be exchanged for 54 points at the Catch 'n' Trade.
Can be exchanged for 56 points at the Catch 'n' Trade.
Can be exchanged for 560 points at the Catch 'n' Trade.
Can be exchanged for 57 points at the Catch 'n' Trade.
Can be exchanged for 576 points at the Catch 'n' Trade.
Can be exchanged for 59 points at the Catch 'n' Trade.
Can be exchanged for 61 points at the Catch 'n' Trade.
Can be exchanged for 62 points at the Catch 'n' Trade.
Can be exchanged for 640 points at the Catch 'n' Trade.
Can be exchanged for 648 points at the Catch 'n' Trade.
Can be exchanged for 66 points at the Catch 'n' Trade.
Can be exchanged for 672 points at the Catch 'n' Trade.
Can be exchanged for 70 points at the Catch 'n' Trade.
Can be exchanged for 704 points at the Catch 'n' Trade.
Can be exchanged for 72 points at the Catch 'n' Trade.
Can be exchanged for 720 points at the Catch 'n' Trade.
Can be exchanged for 784 points at the Catch 'n' Trade.
Can be exchanged for 792 points at the Catch 'n' Trade.
Can be exchanged for 800 points at the Catch 'n' Trade.
Can be exchanged for 832 points at the Catch 'n' Trade.
Can be exchanged for 85 points at the Catch 'n' Trade.
Can be exchanged for 864 points at the Catch 'n' Trade.
Can be exchanged for 880 points at the Catch 'n' Trade.
Can be exchanged for 936 points at the Catch 'n' Trade.
Can be exchanged for 960 points at the Catch 'n' Trade.
Can be exchanged for buff effects for within Mementos.
Can be exchanged for rewards from the 24-hour TV program "Robotic Challenge." Obtainable by participating on the program.
Can be exchanged for rewards in the Shop.
Can be exchanged for the Rank 7 Persona Black Frost and its Seal.
Can be exchanged for the Rank 7 Persona Cu Chulainn and its Seal.
Can be exchanged for various items at the Clear Cognigem tab of the Exchange Shop.
Can be exchanged for various items at the Prism Cognigem tab of the Exchange Shop.
Can be exchanged for various items at the Violet Cognigem tab of the Exchange Shop.
Can be exchanged for various items in the Nightmare's Gateway exchange shop. Obtainable by playing Nightmare's Gateway.
Can be exchanged for various rewards from shops.
Can be exchanged for Wind's exclusive 4\u2605 weapon or enhancement materials.
Can be gifted to accomplices to raise Synergy. Made with camellias and gorgeous packaging at the workbench.
Can be gifted to accomplices to raise Synergy. Made with daisies and simple packaging at the workbench.
Can be gifted to accomplices to raise Synergy. Made with jasmine and simple packaging at the workbench.
Can be gifted to accomplices to raise Synergy. Made with lilies and gorgeous packaging at the workbench.
Can be gifted to accomplices to raise Synergy. Made with lilies, violets, and gorgeous packaging at the workbench.
Can be gifted to accomplices to raise Synergy. Made with osmanthus and gorgeous packaging at the workbench.
Can be gifted to accomplices to raise Synergy. Made with osmanthus, cosmos, and gorgeous packaging at the workbench.
Can be gifted to accomplices to raise Synergy. Made with sunflowers and simple packaging at the workbench.
Can be obtained using Phantom Idols or clearing challenges with Friend Assists.
Can be opened to obtain rewards exchanged with unused Rebel Coins.
Can be planted in your home garden to bloom into camellias. Increases your Kindness when first harvested.
Can be planted in your home garden to bloom into daisies. Increases your Kindness when first harvested.
Can be planted in your home garden to bloom into jasmine. Increases your Kindness when first harvested.
Can be planted in your home garden to bloom into lilies. Increases your Kindness when first harvested.
Can be planted in your home garden to bloom into osmanthus. Increases your Kindness when first harvested.
Can be planted in your home garden to bloom into sunflowers. Increases your Kindness when first harvested.
Can be planted in your home garden to grow into cabbage. Increases your Kindness when first harvested.
Can be planted in your home garden to grow into napa cabbage. Increases your Kindness when first harvested.
Can be planted in your home garden to grow into onions. Increases your Kindness when first harvested.
Can be planted in your home garden to grow into potatoes. Increases your Kindness when first harvested.
Can be planted in your home garden to grow into tomatoes. Increases your Kindness when first harvested.
Can be planted in your home garden to grown into winter melon. Increases your Kindness when first harvested.
Can be put on at the closet in your bedroom.
Can be set as your profile avatar.
Can be set as your profile card.
Can be set as your profile frame.
Can be spent in order to awaken Mindscapes.
Can be spent in order to level up Mindscapes.
Can be spent to unlock Mindscapes which boost base stats.
Can be spent to unlock Mindscapes which enhance skills, Highlights, and more.
Can be spent to unlock/enhance stat enhancement elements for Phantom Idols.
Can be used for certain Tutorial Arms Deals to obtain melee weapons.
Can be used for Contracts, Arms Deals, and recovering stamina.
Can be used for the Spin to Win Raffle. Obtainable by clearing Marthym's Limited-Time Offers or playing Metro of Desire.
Can be used in certain areas to raise Akechi's Awareness Level.
Can be used in certain areas to raise Ann's Awareness Level.
Can be used in certain areas to raise Ashiya's Awareness Level.
Can be used in certain areas to raise Ayaka's Awareness Level.
Can be used in certain areas to raise Chizuko's Awareness Level.
Can be used in certain areas to raise Futaba's Awareness Level.
Can be used in certain areas to raise Haru's Awareness Level.
Can be used in certain areas to raise Haruna's Awareness Level.
Can be used in certain areas to raise Kamiyama's Awareness Level.
Can be used in certain areas to raise Kasumi's Awareness Level.
Can be used in certain areas to raise Kitazato's Awareness Level.
Can be used in certain areas to raise Kotone's Awareness Level.
Can be used in certain areas to raise Kurotani's Awareness Level.
Can be used in certain areas to raise Lufel's Awareness Level.
Can be used in certain areas to raise Mayumi's Awareness Level.
Can be used in certain areas to raise Minami's Awareness Level.
Can be used in certain areas to raise Miyu's Awareness Level.
Can be used in certain areas to raise Morgana's Awareness Level.
Can be used in certain areas to raise Motoha's Awareness Level.
Can be used in certain areas to raise Ren's Awareness Level.
Can be used in certain areas to raise Riko's Awareness Level.
Can be used in certain areas to raise Runa's Awareness Level.
Can be used in certain areas to raise Ryuji's Awareness Level.
Can be used in certain areas to raise Shiratori's Awareness Level.
Can be used in certain areas to raise Shun's Awareness Level.
Can be used in certain areas to raise Sumi's Awareness Level.
Can be used in certain areas to raise Tomiyama's Awareness Level.
Can be used in certain areas to raise Tomoko's Awareness Level.
Can be used in certain areas to raise Yaoling's Awareness Level.
Can be used in certain areas to raise Yui's Awareness Level.
Can be used in certain areas to raise Yukimi's Awareness Level.
Can be used in certain areas to raise Yumi's Awareness Level.
Can be used in certain areas to raise Yusuke's Awareness Level.
Can be used in Phantom Idol and Newcomer Contracts to forge contracts with new Phantom Idols. Obtainable from shops and exchange shops.
Can be used in Tabby's Treasure Hunt.
Can be used in the Metaverse.
Can be used to change your profile name.
Can be used to change your relationship with soulmate or close friend accomplices.
Can be used to get one 4\u2605 weapon for Futaba Sakura, Masaki Ashiya, Haru Okumura, Morgana, Ryuji Sakamoto, Ann Takamaki, Haruna Nishimori, Kayo Tomiyama, Miyu Sahara, Lufel, Motoha Arai, Shun Kano, Tomoko Noge, Toshiya Sumi, Yukimi Fujikawa, Seiji Shiratori, Leo Kamiyama, Kotone Montagne, Kiyoshi Kurotani, Chizuko Nagao, or Riko Tanemura.
Can be used to increase appearance rate of rare capsules.
Can be used to increase bath effects.
Can be used to increase movie-watching effects.
Can be used to increase Tomoko's Synergy ability effect.
Can be used to increase training effects.
Can be used to increase your part-time job salary at Heritage Kitchen.
Can be used to increase your part-time job salary at Hinokuniya.
Can be used to increase your part-time job salary at the Kichijoji yakiniku restaurant.
Can be used to increase your part-time job salary at the Shibuya bakery.
Can be used to increase your part-time job salary at the Shibuya beef bowl restaurant.
Can be used to increase your part-time job salary at the Shibuya convenience store.
Can be used to increase your part-time job salary at the Shibuya drugstore.
Can be used to increase your part-time job salary at the Shibuya flower shop.
Can be used to obtain 300 Cognition Crystals. You will also receive 100 Meta Jewels and one Coffee Candy each day for 30 days.
Can be used to obtain random training materials.
Can be used to obtain training materials such as these: Coffee Aid x5, MaraThon Energy x3, and 10,000 yen.
Can be used to randomly select Cognitite for one of these charactes: Minami Miyashita or Yumi Shiina.
Can be used to randomly select one of these characters: Minami Miyashita or Yumi Shiina.
Can be used to randomly select one of these characters: Minami Miyashita, Yumi Shiina, or Masaki Ashiya.
Can be used to randomly select one of these characters: Morgana, Ryuji Sakamoto, Ann Takamaki, Yaoling Li, Haruna Nishimori, Minami Miyashita, Yumi Shiina, or Masaki Ashiya.
Can be used to randomly select one of these characters: Morgana, Ryuji Sakamoto, Ann Takamaki, Yaoling Li, or Haruna Nishimori.
Can be used to select and obtain 10 of these items: Essence of Orchid, Essence of Lily, Essence of Bluebell, Essence of Tulip, Essence of Iris, and Essence of Laurel.
Can be used to select and obtain 20 of these items: Craftsman's Notes, Bronze Ingot, and Medium Mold.
Can be used to select and obtain 20 of these items: Fragrance of Orchid, Fragrance of Lily, and Fragrance of Iris.
Can be used to select and obtain 25 of these items: Craftsman's Notes, Bronze Ingot, and Medium Mold.
Can be used to select and obtain 25 of these items: Fragrance of Orchid, Fragrance of Lily, and Fragrance of Iris.
Can be used to select and obtain one 3\u2605 weapon for Morgana, Ryuji Sakamoto, Ann Takamaki, Yaoling Li, Haruna Nishimori, Lufel, Motoha Arai, Shun Kano, Leo Kamiyama, Kayo Tomiyama, Tomoko Noge, Kiyoshi Kurotani, Yukimi Fujikawa, Seiji Shiratori, Toshiya Sumi, Kotone Montagne, or Miyu Sahara.
Can be used to select and obtain one 4\u2605 weapon for Minami Miyashita, Yumi Shiina, Kotone Montagne, Mystery Phantom Thief "HO," Morgana, Ryuji Sakamoto, Ann Takamaki, Kayo Tomiyama, Minami Miyashita, Lufel, Motoha Arai, Shun Kano, Tomoko Noge, Toshiya Sumi, Seiji Shiratori, Leo Kamiyama, Kotone Montagne, Kiyoshi Kurotani, Chizuko Nagao, or Riko Tanemura.
Can be used to select and obtain one 4\u2605 weapon for Morgana, Ryuji Sakamoto, Ann Takamaki, Yaoling Li, Haruna Nishimori, Lufel, Motoha Arai, Shun Kano, Leo Kamiyama, Kayo Tomiyama, Tomoko Noge, Kiyoshi Kurotani, Yukimi Fujikawa, Seiji Shiratori, Toshiya Sumi, Kotone Montagne, or Miyu Sahara.
Can be used to select and obtain one 4\u2605 weapon for Morgana, Ryuji Sakamoto, Ann Takamaki, Yaoling Li, or Haruna Nishimori.
Can be used to select and obtain one 4\u2605 weapon for Ren Amamiya, Mystery Phantom Thief "MA," Mystery Phantom Thief "BU," Mystery Phantom Thief "FO," Morgana, Ryuji Sakamoto, Ann Takamaki, Haruna Nishimori, Yaoling Li, Kayo Tomiyama, Miyu Sahara, Lufel, Motoha Arai, Shun Kano, Tomoko Noge, Toshiya Sumi, Yukimi Fujikawa, Seiji Shiratori, Leo Kamiyama, Kotone Montagne, or Kiyoshi Kurotani.
Can be used to select and obtain one 4\u2605 weapon for Summer Tomoko Noge, Minami Miyashita, Kira Kitazato, Morgana, Ryuji Sakamoto, Ann Takamaki, Haruna Nishimori, Kayo Tomiyama, Miyu Sahara, Lufel, Motoha Arai, Shun Kano, Tomoko Noge, Toshiya Sumi, Yukimi Fujikawa, Seiji Shiratori, Leo Kamiyama, Kotone Montagne, Kiyoshi Kurotani, Chizuko Nagao, or Riko Tanemura.
Can be used to select and obtain one 4\u2605 weapon for Yumi Shiina, Ayaka Sakai, Summer Motoha Arai, Morgana, Ryuji Sakamoto, Ann Takamaki, Haruna Nishimori, Kayo Tomiyama, Miyu Sahara, Lufel, Motoha Arai, Shun Kano, Tomoko Noge, Toshiya Sumi, Yukimi Fujikawa, Seiji Shiratori, Leo Kamiyama, Kotone Montagne, Kiyoshi Kurotani, Chizuko Nagao, or Riko Tanemura.
Can be used to select and obtain one 4\u2605 weapon for Yusuke Kitagawa, Makoto Niijima, Morgana, Ryuji Sakamoto, Ann Takamaki, Haruna Nishimori, Kayo Tomiyama, Miyu Sahara, Lufel, Motoha Arai, Shun Kano, Tomoko Noge, Toshiya Sumi, Yukimi Fujikawa, Seiji Shiratori, Leo Kamiyama, Kotone Montagne, Kiyoshi Kurotani, or Chizuko Nagao.
Can be used to select and obtain one 5\u2605 weapon for Morgana, Ryuji Sakamoto, Ann Takamaki, Yaoling Li, Haruna Nishimori, Lufel, Motoha Arai, Shun Kano, Leo Kamiyama, Kayo Tomiyama, Tomoko Noge, Kiyoshi Kurotani, Yukimi Fujikawa, Seiji Shiratori, Toshiya Sumi, Kotone Montagne, or Miyu Sahara.
Can be used to select and obtain one 5\u2605 weapon for Morgana, Ryuji Sakamoto, Ann Takamaki, Yaoling Li, Haruna Nishimori, Minami Miyashita, Yumi Shiina, Lufel, Motoha Arai, Shun Kano, Leo Kamiyama, Kayo Tomiyama, Tomoko Noge, Kiyoshi Kurotani, Yukimi Fujikawa, Seiji Shiratori, Toshiya Sumi, Kotone Montagne, Miyu Sahara, Chizuko Nagao, or Riko Tanemura.
Can be used to select and obtain one 5\u2605 weapon for Ren Amamiya, Yui, Yusuke Kitagawa, Makoto Niijima, or Ayaka Sakai.
Can be used to select and obtain one of these characters: Ren Amamiya, Yui, Yusuke Kitagawa, Makoto Niijima, or Ayaka Sakai.
Can be used to select one 5\u2605 weapon for Morgana, Ryuji Sakamoto, or Ann Takamaki.
Can be used to select one Cognitite for these pre-Ver. 1.3.2 Phantom Idol Contract characters: Ryuji Sakamoto, Ann Takamaki, Morgana, Yaoling Li, Haruna Nishimori, or Minami Miyashita.
Can be used to select one Cognitite for these pre-Ver. 1.4 Phantom Idol Contract characters: Ryuji Sakamoto , Ann Takamaki, Morgana, Yaoling Li, Haruna Nishimori, Minami Miyashita, or Yumi Shiina.
Can be used to select one of these characters: Lufel, Motoha Arai, Shun Kano, Leo Kamiyama, Kayo Tomiyama, Tomoko Noge, Kiyoshi Kurotani, Yukimi Fujikawa, Seiji Shiratori, Toshiya Sumi, Kotone Montagne, or Miyu Sahara.
Can be used to select one of these characters: Morgana, Ryuji Sakamoto, Ann Takamaki, Yaoling Li, Haruna Nishimori, Minami Miyashita, Yumi Shiina, or Masaki Ashiya.
Can be used to select one of these characters: Morgana, Ryuji Sakamoto, Ann Takamaki, Yaoling Li, or Haruna Nishimori.
Can be used to select one of these characters: Morgana, Ryuji Sakamoto, or Ann Takamaki.
Can be used to select one of these Personas: Lamia, Ame-no-Uzume, or Setanta.
Can be used to unlock Premium Pass Pt. 1.
Can be used to unlock the Premium Pass + and raise your Phantom Pass level by 10 levels.
Can be used to upgrade and enhance train abilities.
Can customize Moon, Star, or Heaven Revelation Cards.
Can increase Synergy levels with an accomplice.
Can overclock a level 10 - 20 weapon.
Can overclock a level 30 - 50 weapon.
Can overclock a level 40 - 60 weapon.
Can overclock a level 60 - 70 weapon.
Can overclock a level 70 - 80 weapon.
Can overclock a rank 1-2 Persona.
Can overclock a rank 3-4 Persona.
Can overclock a rank 5 Persona.
Can overclock a rank 6 Persona.
Can overclock a rank 7 Persona.
Can overclock a rank 8 Persona.
Can put the Shadows in the area used to sleep. Can be crafted at the workbench with rubber, pearl powder, and metal powder.
Can raise Transcendence Levels (unlocked after Wonder reaches Lv. 80.)
Cane
Cannonball Shichi-kun
Capsule Toy
Capy B. with Crab
Capy B. with Crown
Capy B. with Duckies
Capy B. with Fried Shrimp
Capy B. with Ice Cream
Capy B. with Jellyfish
Capy B. with Kitty
Capy B. with Octopus
Capy B. with Oranges
Capy B. with Pineapple
Capy B. with Yuzu
Carbon Steel
Card Sleeve
Cardio Crunch Sundae
Carrots
Castle Clear
Castle Gate Lock (Left)
Castle Gate Lock (Right)
Castle Memory Shard
Castle Room Key
Castle Treasure Chest Key
Casual
Casual Clothes
Casual Gloves
Casual Rod
Cat Food
CAT ROVER 10
Cattle Avatar
Caught Emote
Cavalry Saber
Caviar
Celebratory Popper
Cerberus's Seal
Cereal
Chabaidao
Chabaidao Collab
Change Set
Changes the 6 of diamonds in Tycoon to a custom design.
Changes the ace of clubs in Tycoon to a custom design.
Changes the ace of diamonds in Tycoon to a custom design.
Changes the ace of hearts in Tycoon to a custom design.
Changes the ace of spades in Tycoon to a custom design.
Changes the jack of hearts in Tycoon to a custom design.
Changes the king of clubs in Tycoon to a custom design.
Changes the king of hearts in Tycoon to a custom design.
Changes the king of spades in Tycoon to a custom design.
Changes the queen of clubs in Tycoon to a custom design.
Changes the queen of diamonds in Tycoon to a custom design.
Changes the queen of hearts in Tycoon to a custom design.
Changes the queen of spades in Tycoon to a custom design.
Char Siu Recipe
Character Card.\nA reward for Phantom collectors.
Charger O1
Charisma 101
Charm
Cheap Aroma Box
Cheap Crafting Box
Cheer On Emote
Cheers Emote
Chemdah Ticket
Cherish Avatar
Cherish Badge
Chernobog
Chernobog's Seal
Chicken
Chicken Burger
Chihaya Mifune's Fortune-Telling
Chili Pepper
Chill Shichi-kun
Chinese Medicinal Soup Recipe
Chinese Paper
Chinese Stir-Fry Recipe
Chirpy Pickaxe
Chit Chat Emote
Chizuko Avatar
Chizuko's Cognitite
Chizuko-only melee weapon.
Choose Your Favorite
Choosing the Right Gift
Chord Avatar
Chord Badge
Chow Down Emote
Chroma Key Module
Cinnabar
Circus Background
City Life Bonus
City Life: Gold
City Life: Rainbow
City Life: Silver
Clamara Rolan
Classic Icon Frame 31
Classic Icon Frame 32
Classic Icon Frame 33
Classic Icon Frame 34
Classic Icon Frame 35
Classic Icon Frame 36
Classic Icon Frame 37
Classic Icon Frame 38
Classic Icon Frame 39
Classic Icon Frame 40
Classic Icon Frame 41
Classic Icon Frame 42
Classic Icon Frame 43
Classic Icon Frame 44
Classic Icon Frame 45
Classic Icon Frame 46
Classic Icon Frame 47
Classic Profile Card Design 24
Classic Profile Card Design 25
Classic Profile Card Design 27
Classic Profile Card Design 28
Classic Profile Card Design 29
Classic Profile Card Design 30
Classic Profile Card Design 31
Classic Profile Card Design 32
Classic Profile Card Design 33
Classic Profile Card Design 34
Classic Profile Card Design 35
Classic Profile Card Design 36
Classic Profile Card Design 37
Classic Profile Card Design 38
Classic Profile Card Design 39
Classic Profile Card Design 40
Classic Profile Card Design 41
Classic Profile Card Design 42
Classic Profile Card Design 43
Classic Profile Card Design 44
Classic Profile Card Design 45
Classic Profile Card Design 46
Classic Profile Card Design 47
Classic Profile Card Design 48
Classic Profile Card Design 49
Classic Profile Card Design 50
Clear Cognigem
Climbing Pickaxe
Closer Avatar
Closer Badge
Clotho's Seal
Clown Shichi-kun
Club Soda
Clumsy Shichi-kun
Coating Agent
Cobalt Alloy Bayonet
Coffee Aid
Coffee Candy
Cognitite Box 2
Cognitite Box 3
Cognitite Shard
Cognitite Shard Set
Coins that can be exchanged for melee weapons. Can be used in certain Arms Deals.
Collect 60 to obtain one Akechi's Cognitite.
Collect 60 to obtain one Ann's Cognitite.
Collect 60 to obtain one Ashiya's Cognitite.
Collect 60 to obtain one Ayaka's Cognitite.
Collect 60 to obtain one Cognitite.
Collect 60 to obtain one Futaba's Cognitite.
Collect 60 to obtain one Haru's Cognitite.
Collect 60 to obtain one Haruna's Cognitite.
Collect 60 to obtain one Kitazato's Cognitite.
Collect 60 to obtain one Makoto's Cognitite.
Collect 60 to obtain one Minami's Cognitite.
Collect 60 to obtain one Morgana's Cognitite.
Collect 60 to obtain one Ren's Cognitite.
Collect 60 to obtain one Ryuji's Cognitite.
Collect 60 to obtain one Summer Motoha's Cognitite.
Collect 60 to obtain one Summer Tomoko's Cognitite.
Collect 60 to obtain one Yaoling's Cognitite.
Collect 60 to obtain one Yui's Cognitite.
Collect 60 to obtain one Yumi's Cognitite.
Collect 60 to obtain one Yusuke's Cognitite.
Collect them to unlock new routes in the Path of Adyeshach.
Collect them to unlock new routes in the Path of Aiyatsbus.
Collect them to unlock new routes in the Path of Akzeriyyuth.
Collect them to unlock new routes in the Path of Chemdah.
Collect them to unlock new routes in the Path of Iweleth.
Collect them to unlock new routes in the Path of Kaitul.
Collect them to unlock new routes in the Path of Qimranut.
Collect them to unlock new routes in the Path of Sheriruth.
Colored Carp Charm
Colorful Coast
Commemorates the opening of the beta test.
Commemorative Brochure
Commemorative Coin
Commemorative Item
Commemorative Semi-Anniversary Badge.
Companio Coin
Compensatory Destiny Badge
Compensatory Route Ticket
Completing city life activities will randomly give you various items.
Completion Revelation - Blue
Completion Revelation - Orange
Completion Revelation - Purple
Comprehensive Yoga
Computer
Concierge Merope Avatar
Confused Emote
Consideration
Contains every dish.
Contains every fashion item.
Contains every ingredient.
Contains every kind of seeds.
Contract Item
Convenience Store Clout
Cooking Emote
Cool Shichi-kun
Coordinate Recorder
Copper Sheet
Cosmos
Covertizer
Cr\xeape
Crab Omelette on Rice
Crackle Fireworks
Crackling Firecracker
Crafted at the workbench with aluminum sheet and plastic.
Crafting Guide
Craftsman's Mod Order
Craftsman's Notes
Cream
Cream Soda
Cream Soda Recipe
Creation Revelation - Blue
Creation Revelation - Orange
Creation Revelation - Purple
Crime and Punishment
Crobbie Rollinshaw
Croquette Recipe
Crow Avatar
Crowbar
Crystal Clear
Cu Chulainn's Seal
Cures Dizzy, Forget, and Sleep for 1 ally.
Cures elemental ailments for 1 ally.
Cures Rage, Despair, Brainwash, Confuse, Fear, and Taunt for 1 ally.
Currency
Currency used among Phantom Thieves that is paid out as a reward based on the jobs a Phantom Thief completes. Can be exchanged for various materials with certain fences.
Currency used to exchange for Palace items.
Currency used within the city. Can be used to pay for various things within the city.
Curry Roux
Curry with Rice Recipe
Curse Attack Item S
Cutlass
Cyan Cotton Pants
Cyan Designer Cap
Cyan Fringe Boots
Cyan Summer Outfit
Cyber Jammers
Cyber Ninjutsu Scrolls
Cyberdeck::HACK()
D-Tier Fan Card
Dagger
Daily Life Item
Daisies
Daisoujou's Seal
Daisy Seeds
Dakini's Seal
Dam Clear
Dam Memory Shard
Damascus Knife
Dance of Vengeance
Dancing Cane
Dark Chocolate
Dark Green Medley
Data Hasher I4
Data Healer P1
Daybreak: Gold
Daybreak: Holo
Daybreak: Rainbow
Daybreak: Silver
Deafening Firecracker
Deals heavy Bless damage to 1 foe once. Can be crafted at the workbench with shakudo, ink, and red phosphorus.
Deals heavy Curse damage to 1 foe once. Can be crafted at the workbench with shakudo, cinnabar, and red phosphorus.
Deals heavy Elec damage to 1 foe once. Can be crafted at the workbench with amber glass, yellow paint, and stabilizer.
Deals heavy Fire damage to 1 foe once. Can be crafted at the workbench with carbon steel, green paint, and stabilizer.
Deals heavy Gun damage to 1 foe once. Can be crafted at the workbench with faux pearls, gold paint, and activated charcoal.
Deals heavy Ice damage to 1 foe once. Can be crafted at the workbench with amber glass, blue paint, and stabilizer.
Deals heavy Nuclear damage to 1 foe once. Can be crafted at the workbench with tempered glass, red ore, and pearl powder.
Deals heavy Physical to 1 foe once. Can be crafted at the workbench with faux pearls, orange paint, and activated charcoal.
Deals heavy Psy damage to 1 foe once. Can be crafted at the workbench with tempered glass, pink paint, and pearl powder.
Deals heavy Wind damage to 1 foe once. Can be crafted at the workbench with carbon steel, green pigment, and stabilizer.
Deals medium Bless damage to 1 foe once. Can be crafted at the workbench with blank talismans, ink, and copper sheets.
Deals medium Curse damage to 1 foe once. Can be crafted at the workbench with blank talismans, cinnabar, and iron sheets.
Deals medium Elec damage to 1 foe once. Can be crafted at the workbench with blank talismans, yellow paint, and metal powder.
Deals medium Fire damage to 1 foe once. Can be crafted at the workbench with blank talismans, red paint, and metal powder.
Deals medium Gun damage to 1 foe once. Can be crafted at the workbench with blank talismans, gold paint, and white phosphorus.
Deals medium Ice damage to 1 foe once. Can be crafted at the workbench with blank talismans, blue paint, and ethanol.
Deals medium Nuclear damage to 1 foe once. Can be crafted at the workbench with blank talismans, red ore, and iron sheets.
Deals medium Physical damage to 1 foe once. Can be crafted at the workbench with blank talismans, orange paint, and liquid mercury.
Deals medium Psy damage to 1 foe once. Can be crafted at the workbench with blank talismans, pink paint, and copper sheets.
Deals medium Wind damage to 1 foe once. Can be crafted at the workbench with blank talismans, green paint, and ethanol.
Death Stinger
Decarabia's Seal
Default Casualwear
Default Headwear Outfit
Default Loungewear Headwear
Default Theme
Default Uniform Headwear
Defeat Revelation - Blue
Defeat Revelation - Orange
Defeat Revelation - Purple
Delectable Desserts!
Demon's Bite
Departure Gift: Pine
Departure Revelation - Blue
Departure Revelation - Orange
Departure Revelation - Purple
Designer Perfume
Designer Shoes
Desire Line Course 5
Desire Line Course 6
Destiny Badge
Destructive Firecracker
Detection I0
Devil School Summoners
Devilish Charm
Dionysus's Seal
Disappointment Revelation - Blue
Disappointment Revelation - Orange
Disappointment Revelation - Purple
Diselectro R0
Disenchant Bell
Display Case Background
Divergent Fate: C1
Divergent Fate: C2
Divergent Fate: C3
Divergent Fate: C4
Divergent Fate: C5
Dominion Revelation - Blue
Dominion Revelation - Orange
Dominion Revelation - Purple
Dominion's Seal
Double Queen's Necklace
Dr. Salt NEO
Dragon Boat Race
Dragonlike Fiends
Drawing Paper
Dream and Nightmare
Dream Boy Avatar
Dreams of the Deep
Dreams within Reach
Driver's Point
Drone
Drummer Shichi-kun
Dual Blades
Duck Hot Pot
Earn rewards from exchanging Batting Points.
Earned for building a strong bond of friendship with Ashiya.
Earned for building a strong bond of friendship with Ayaka Sakai.\nCan be set as your profile frame.
Earned for building a strong bond of friendship with Ayaka Sakai.\nFor use in chat.
Earned for building a strong bond of friendship with Ayaka.
Earned for building a strong bond of friendship with Kitazato.
Earned for building a strong bond of friendship with Kotone Montagne.\nCan be set as your profile frame.
Earned for building a strong bond of friendship with Kotone Montagne.\nFor use in chat.
Earned for building a strong bond of friendship with Kotone.
Earned for building a strong bond of friendship with Kurotani.
Earned for building a strong bond of friendship with Lufel.
Earned for building a strong bond of friendship with Miyu Sahara.\nCan be set as your profile frame.
Earned for building a strong bond of friendship with Miyu Sahara.\nFor use in chat.
Earned for building a strong bond of friendship with Miyu.
Earned for building a strong bond of friendship with Motoha Arai.\nFor use in chat.
Earned for building a strong bond of friendship with Motoha.
Earned for building a strong bond of friendship with Motoha.\nYou can set it as your profile frame.
Earned for building a strong bond of friendship with Riko.
Earned for building a strong bond of friendship with Riko.\nYou can set it as your profile frame.
Earned for building a strong bond of friendship with Shun.
Earned for building a strong bond of friendship with Tomiyama.
Earned for building a strong bond of friendship with Tomoko Noge.\nFor use in chat.
Earned for building a strong bond of friendship with Tomoko.
Earned for building a strong bond of friendship with Tomoko.\nYou can set it as your profile frame.
Earned for building a strong bond of friendship with Yaoling Li.\nFor use in chat.
Earned for building a strong bond of friendship with Yaoling.
Earned for building a strong bond of friendship with Yaoling.\nYou can set it as your profile frame.
Earned for building a strong bond of friendship with Yui.
Earned for building a strong bond of friendship with Yumi Shiina.\nCan be set as your profile frame.
Earned for building a strong bond of friendship with Yumi Shiina.\nFor use in chat.
Earned for building a strong bond of friendship with Yumi.
Earned for building an unbreakable bond of friendship with Kurotani.
Earned for building an unbreakable bond of friendship with Shun.
Earned for forming a romantic relationship with Ayaka Sakai.\nCan be set as your profile frame.
Earned for forming a romantic relationship with Ayaka.
Earned for forming a romantic relationship with Kotone Montagne.\nCan be set as your profile frame.
Earned for forming a romantic relationship with Kotone Montagne.\nFor use in chat.
Earned for forming a romantic relationship with Kotone.
Earned for forming a romantic relationship with Miyu Sahara.\nCan be set as your profile frame.
Earned for forming a romantic relationship with Miyu Sahara.\nFor use in chat.
Earned for forming a romantic relationship with Miyu.
Earned for forming a romantic relationship with Motoha Arai.\nFor use in chat.
Earned for forming a romantic relationship with Motoha.
Earned for forming a romantic relationship with Motoha.\nCan be set as your profile frame.
Earned for forming a romantic relationship with Riko.
Earned for forming a romantic relationship with Riko.\nCan be set as your profile frame.
Earned for forming a romantic relationship with Tomoko Noge.\nFor use in chat.
Earned for forming a romantic relationship with Tomoko.
Earned for forming a romantic relationship with Tomoko.\nCan be set as your profile frame.
Earned for forming a romantic relationship with Yaoling Li.\nFor use in chat.
Earned for forming a romantic relationship with Yaoling.
Earned for forming a romantic relationship with Yaoling.\nCan be set as your profile frame.
Earned for forming a romantic relationship with Yumi Shiina.\nCan be set as your profile frame.
Earned for forming a romantic relationship with Yumi.
Earned for making Merope your personal concierge.
Eat Up Emote
Edelweiss
Edge of Encounter
Eel
Eel Rice Bowl Recipe
Eep! Emote
Eggs
Electric Attack Item S
Electric Chakrams
Electro Pulse F3
Elegant Entrance Emote
Elegant Rapier
Element Type E2
Element Type T0
Elemental Firecracker
Eligor's Seal
Emerald Charmer
Emote
Emote Set
Empty Item for Logic
Encapsulated Mysteries
Energy needed for City Life activities.
Energy needed to explore the Metaverse. Restores over time at a set speed.
Enhancement N9
Enlightening Planetarium: Gold
Enlightening Planetarium: Holo
Enlightening Planetarium: Rainbow
Enlightening Planetarium: Silver
Ephemerality
Essence of Bluebell
Essence of Iris
Essence of Laurel
Essence of Lily
Essence of Orchid
Essence of Tulip
Ethanol
Event Currency
Event Item
Everlasting Incense
Everyday Sneakers
Exchange Code 1
Exchange Code 2
Exchange Code 3
Exchange for one free round at the batting cages.
Excited Emote
Exclusive Fountain Pen
EXP
EXP Box
EXP Pass
Expansion L9
Expectant Gaze...
Experience gained from daily life activities and Metaverse exploration. Used for raising your level.
Experience gained from playing in the band club. Can be used to raise your Band Club Level.
Experience gained from playing with the soccer team. Can be used to raise your Soccer Team Level.
Experience Pass
Extra Pay: Beef Bowl
Extra Pay: Cr\xeape
Extra Pay: Drugstore
Extra Pay: Florist
Extra Pay: Heritage
Extra Pay: Hinokuniya
Extra Pay: Store
Extra Pay: Yakiniku
Extra-Strength Nutrients
Eye of Obsequies
Eye of Obsequies Shard
Fairy Tale
Faith Revelation - Blue
Faith Revelation - Orange
Faith Revelation - Purple
Fallen Angel Wing
Fashion Attire
Fast Food Finesse
Fatal Knife
Faustmesser
Faux Pearl
Featherman: A Corpus
Feature Item
Fertilizer
Fiery Home Run
Final Buster
Fire Attack Item S
Fire Talisman
Firework Color
Firework Shape
Firework Sticks
Fireworks Shell
Firm Commander of Lust
Firm Commander of Wrath
First-Aid Medicine
Fisherman's Pride
Fishing bait that lures all fish.
Fishing bait that lures almost all fish.
Fishing bait that lures small and medium fish.
Fishing bait that lures small fish.
Fishing bait that lures small, medium, and large fish.
Fishing Master
Fishing Points
Fishing Pond
Fist of Justice Emote
Fists
Flame Buster N3
Flame Buster X3
Flames of Awakening
Flan Recipe
Flash of Lightning
Flash Punch
Flauros's Seal
Fleuret Avatar
Flight Plan EXP Credit
Flint
Flip Phone
Flooding Device
Floral Plum Blossoms
Floral Water Ball
Flour
Flower
Flustered Emote
Food Set OB
For one turn, has a 100% chance to draw all foes' attention. Crafted at the workbench with aluminum sheets, white phosphorus, and moissanite.
For one turn, has a high chance to draw all foes' attention. Crafted at the workbench with aluminum sheets and pearl powder.
For one turn, has a low chance to draw all foes' attention. Crafted at the workbench with aluminum sheets and gunpowder.
For some reason, this big-scaled redfin has a tag on it. It seems the fish market has taken an interest in it.
For some reason, this grouper has a tag on it. It seems the fish market has taken an interest in it.
For some reason, this horse mackerel has a tag on it. It seems the fish market has taken an interest in it.
For some reason, this pacific herring has a tag on it. It seems the fish market has taken an interest in it.
For some reason, this pearl-spot chromis has a tag on it. It seems the fish market has taken an interest in it.
For some reason, this sea bass has a tag on it. It seems the fish market has taken an interest in it.
For those who want to create satisfying desserts.\nA recipe book covering everything from cr\xeapes to giant cakes.
For use in a Palace.
For use in a specific event.
For use in chat.
For use in City Life.
For use in the fan appreciation event.
For use in the minigame Tycoon.
For use in the Tabby's Treasure Hunt.
For use with movie cameras. Adjusts the size of the object filmed. Can be used repeatedly.
For use with movie cameras. Freeze-frames the object filmed. Can be used repeatedly.
For use with movie cameras. Makes objects semitransparent. Can be used repeatedly.
For use with movie cameras. Rewinds or fast-forwards the object filmed. Can be used repeatedly.
For You Emote
Forerunner
Forest on the Board
Fortified Moxy E2
Fortified Moxy T1
Fortune Revelation
Fortune Revelation: Space
Fortune-Teller
Fox Avatar
Fox Badge
Fragrance of Bluebell
Fragrance of Iris
Fragrance of Laurel
Fragrance of Lily
Fragrance of Orchid
Fragrance of Tulip
Frame
Frame.\nA reward for Phantom collectors.
Frame.\nWill be updated after logging in again.
Free to Stroll
Freedom Revelation - Blue
Freedom Revelation - Orange
Freedom Revelation - Purple
Friend Ashiya Avatar
Friend Ayaka Avatar
Friend Kitazato Avatar
Friend Kotone Avatar
Friend Kurotani Avatar
Friend Lufel Avatar
Friend Miyu Avatar
Friend Motoha Avatar
Friend Riko Avatar
Friend Shun Avatar
Friend Tomiyama Avatar
Friend Tomoko Avatar
Friend Yaoling Avatar
Friend Yui Avatar
Friend Yumi Avatar
From the Seafoam
Front Gate Key
Frost Charm
Fruit Juice
Furniture
Futaba \u2663Q
Futaba Avatar
Futaba Sakura
Futaba's Cognitite
Futaba's Cognitite Shard
Futaba's Invite
Futaba-only melee weapon.
Futility Revelation - Blue
Futility Revelation - Orange
Futility Revelation - Purple
Fuu-Ki's Seal
Gabriel's Seal
Gain a variety of bonuses based on your fortune.
Gale Charm
Game On Emote
Ganesha's Seal
Gang Star
Garden Energy
Garden Picnic
Gardening for Black Thumbs
Garlic
Garuda's Seal
Gecko Coin
Genbu's Seal
Get In Emote
Ghost Machine C
Gift Box
Gift for Yukimi
Giga Spotlight
Giggle Emote
Gilgamesh Axe
Girimekhala's Seal
Gives the fireworks of the festival a glimmering gold shine.
Gives the fireworks of the festival a ruby red shine.
Gives the fireworks of the festival a vibrant violet shine.
Glass Orb
Gliding on the Ice
Glimmer
Glimmer Shard
Globetrotter
Glutinous Rice
Gluttony Chip
Gluttony Treasure Detector
God Saber
Gold Core
Gold Ingot
Gold Metal Powder
Gold Paint
Gold Parts
Gold Shooter
Gold Ticket
Golden Baseball
Golden coins engraved with faith from certain battles.
Golden Fortune Charm
Golden Land
Golden Legacy
Golden Ramen Bowl
Golden Week
Good Mullet
Good Song Emote
Gorgeous Packaging
Gorgeously Common
Goro Akechi
Graffiti Days
Grand Presser
Granted for achieving Rank 1 in the award Battle.
Granted for achieving Rank 1 in the award City Life.
Granted for achieving Rank 1 in the award Home.
Granted for achieving Rank 1 in the award Metaverse.
Granted for achieving Rank 1 in the award Persona.
Granted for achieving Rank 1 in the award Story.
Granted for achieving Rank 1 in the award Synergy.
Granted for achieving Rank 1 in the award Train/Enhance.
Granted for achieving Rank 2 in the award Battle.
Granted for achieving Rank 2 in the award City Life.
Granted for achieving Rank 2 in the award Home.
Granted for achieving Rank 2 in the award Metaverse.
Granted for achieving Rank 2 in the award Persona.
Granted for achieving Rank 2 in the award Story.
Granted for achieving Rank 2 in the award Synergy.
Granted for achieving Rank 2 in the award Train/Enhance.
Granted for achieving Rank 3 in the award Battle.
Granted for achieving Rank 3 in the award City Life.
Granted for achieving Rank 3 in the award Home.
Granted for achieving Rank 3 in the award Metaverse.
Granted for achieving Rank 3 in the award Persona.
Granted for achieving Rank 3 in the award Story.
Granted for achieving Rank 3 in the award Synergy.
Granted for achieving Rank 3 in the award Train/Enhance.
Grants 1,000 EXP to an ally.
Grants 100 EXP to a weapon.
Grants 100 EXP to one Persona.
Grants 1000 EXP to a Revelation Card.
Grants 2,000 EXP to one Persona.
Grants 200 EXP to an ally.
Grants 2000 EXP to a weapon.
Grants 250 EXP to a Revelation Card.
Grants 4,000 EXP to an ally.
Grants 50 EXP to a Revelation Card.
Grants 500 EXP to a weapon.
Grants 500 EXP to one Persona.
Grants all orange-rarity Departure Revelation Cards.
Grants all orange-rarity Interference Revelation Cards.
Grants all orange-rarity Power Revelation Cards.
Grants all purple-rarity Power Revelation Cards.
Grants one of these items: Puzzle Rings, 48-Sided 3D Puzzle, Leather Pen Case, ChocoStick Value Pack, Black-Framed Glasses, Handmade Book Cover, Strawberry Bento Box, Baseball Team Mascot Bear, or Shichi-kun Doll.
Grants one orange-rarity Departure and Hope Revelation Card each.
Grants one orange-rarity Growth and Harmony Revelation Card.
Grants one orange-rarity Revelation Card (100% chance).
Grants one orange-rarity Space Revelation Card (50% chance) or one purple-rarity Space Revelation Card (50% chance).
Grants one orange-rarity Space Revelation Card (60% chance) or one purple-rarity Space Revelation Card (40% chance).
Grants one orange-rarity Space Revelation Card (70% chance) or one purple-rarity Space Revelation Card (30% chance).
Grants one orange-rarity Space Revelation Card (80% chance) or one purple-rarity Space Revelation Card (20% chance).
Grants one purple-rarity Departure and Hope Revelation Card each.
Grants one purple-rarity Freedom Revelation Card.
Grants one purple-rarity Growth and Trust Revelation Card.
Grants Queen's Necklace x2, which can awaken a Rank 3 - 4 Persona.
Grants training materials such as these: Coffee Aid x3, MaraThon Energy x2, 10,000 yen, and Konpaku Gem x50,000.
Grants training materials such as these: Coffee Aid x3, MaraThon Energy x2, and 10,000 yen.
Grape Juice
Grasping Victory
Gravitational Force
Gray Mokokuma Pj's
Gray Office Exec
Gray Thigh-Highs
Great Job Emote
Great Mullet
Greatly decreases a Palace's security level.
Greatly restores HP.
Green Character Bag
Green Designer Cap
Green Flowy Pj's
Green Office Hero
Green Paint
Grilled Cod Bento
Grilled Fish Recipe
Growth Revelation - Blue
Growth Revelation - Orange
Growth Revelation - Purple
Guard Break N1
Guitar Axe
Guts
Gym Effect Up
Gyoza Recipe
Hacking Device
Half Anniversary
Hall of Fame: Elite
Hall of Fame: Legend
Hall of Fame: Perfect
Hall of Fame: Rookie
Hall of Fame: Veteran
Handshake Emote
Happy Emote
Hariti's Seal
Harmony Revelation - Blue
Harmony Revelation - Orange
Harmony Revelation - Purple
Haru \u2666Q
Haru Avatar
Haru Okumura
Haru's Cognitite
Haru's Cognitite Shard
Haru's Invite
Haru-only melee weapon.
Haruna Avatar
Haruna's Cognitite
Haruna's Cognitite Shard
Haruna's Invite
Haruna's Special Treasure
Haruna's Treasure
Haruna-only melee weapon.
Harvest moon
Hatchet
Headhunter Ladle
Headhunter Ladle Shard
Healing IV
Heart Fireworks
Heavenly Heart of Fire
Heavy Metal Pain
Hecatoncheires's Seal
Heheh Emote
Hell Biker's Seal
Hermit's Incense
Hi-tech Headphones
Hi-Tech Rod
Hidden Room Key
High Five Emote
High Pixie's Seal
Hitotsume Kozo
Holiday Pj's
Holy Nail
Home Run Emote
Hope Line Course 6
Hope Line Course 7
Hope Line Course 8
Hope Revelation - Blue
Hope Revelation - Orange
Hope Revelation - Purple
Hopping Heart
Horse mackerel that can be caught in Saganoseki Town. Known for its high quality, it is often used as a premium sashimi ingredient.
Horus's Seal
How to Become Your Ideal Self
Hrmph!
Hua Po's Seal
Huh!? Emote
Hungry Emote
Hungry Shichi-kun
Hymn of Life
Hypno Mist
I Am a Dog
I Am Thou...
I Got This Emote
I'll Teach You Emote
I'm a Bit Scared...
I'm a Mermaid!
I'm Just Kidding
I'm Listening...
I'm So Happy!
I've Got Money!
I've Got This!
Ice Attack Item S
Ice Cream Parfait
Icy Bell
Idol Election Ticket
Idol Photo Set
Illusion Bell
In the Name of Desire
Inari Fox
Incogniscent
Increases the chance of encountering Treasure Demons.
Increases your Charm and boosts the appearance rate of rare capsules.
Increases your Charm and enhances your bathhouse rewards when read.
Increases your Charm and raises your part-time job salary at the Shibuya cr\xeape shop when read.
Increases your Charm and unlocks Ueno Art Museum on the map when read.
Increases your Charm when read.
Increases your Guts and unlocks Asakusa Skytree on the map when read.
Increases your Guts when read.
Increases your Kindness and raises your part-time job salary at the Shibuya beef bowl restaurant.
Increases your Kindness and raises your part-time job salary at the Shibuya drugstore.
Increases your Kindness and raises your part-time job salary at the Shibuya flower shop when read.
Increases your Kindness and raises your part-time job salary at the Shinjuku accessory shop when read.
Increases your Kindness and unlocks Inokashira Park on the map when read.
Increases your Kindness when read.
Increases your Knowledge and enhances your movie-watching rewards when read.
Increases your Knowledge and raises your part-time job salary at the Shinjuku Hinokuniya Bookstore when read.
Increases your Knowledge and raises your part-time job salary at Zoshigaya's Heritage Kitchen when read.
Increases your Knowledge and unlocks Ikebukuro Planetarium on the map when read.
Increases your Knowledge when read.
Increases your Proficiency  when read.
Increases your Proficiency and enhances your training rewards when read.
Increases your Proficiency and raises your part-time job salary at the Shibuya convenience store.
Increases your Proficiency when read.
Incubus's Seal
Infiltrator
Infinite Moment
Inflicts Burn on enemies. Can be crafted at the workbench with shakudo and red paint.
Inflicts Dizzy on enemies. Can be crafted at the workbench with shakudo and gunpowder.
Inflicts Forget on enemies. Can be crafted at the workbench with shakudo and plastic.
Inflicts Freeze on enemies. Can be crafted at the workbench with shakudo and ink.
Inflicts Shock on enemies. Can be crafted at the workbench with shakudo and yellow paint.
Inflicts Sleep on enemies. Can be crafted at the workbench with shakudo and ink.
Inflicts Windswept on enemies. Can be crafted at the workbench with shakudo and green paint.
Info Sharing Reward
Ingredient
Ingredient Set
Ink
Integrity Revelation - Blue
Integrity Revelation - Orange
Integrity Revelation - Purple
Interference Gift: Pine
Interference Revelation - Blue
Interference Revelation - Orange
Interference Revelation - Purple
Interlaced Desires
Intersecting Fates
Introducing a unique way to watch movies explained by a professional film critic.\nWith this book, you can learn to enjoy the finer points of film!
Intrusion Detection Rig
Inugami's Seal
Invitation
Ippon-Datara's Seal
Iron Flail
Iron Sheet
Isis's Seal
Isn't It!?
It's a Little Hot...
Item
Its entire body is pure white and unblemished, with fins and a tail resembling a celestial maiden's robe. A rare fish that can be caught under special conditions.
Iweleth Ticket
J\xe1no\u0161\xedk
J\xe1no\u0161\xedk's Axe Pistol
J\xe1no\u0161\xedk's Seal
Jack Frost's Seal
Jack-o'-Lantern's Seal
Jagato
Jail Key
Jam Bread
Japanese Black Beef Bowl
Jasmine
Jasmine Seeds
Jatayu's Seal
JD
JD Collab
Jet Sonar
Jikokuten's Seal
Joker Avatar
Joker Badge
Jolting Pulse
Journey to Desire: Gold
Journey to Desire: Rainbow
Journey to Desire: Silver
Joy Medal
Joy Medal x100
Joyful Incense
Joyous Persona Box
Justice Lance
Kagura Bell
Kaitul Ticket
Kaiwan's Seal
Kajaclear-R
Kamiyama Avatar
Kamiyama-only melee weapon.
Kamoshida's Gold Medal
Karakasa Kozo
Karmic Cycle
Kasumi \u2665J
Kasumi Yoshizawa
Kasumi's Cognitite
Kasumi's Invite
Katana
Katayama's Palace Ruler
Keep Going Emote
Kei Akashi
Keiun Chronicles
Kelpie's Seal
Key Avatar
Key Item
Kikuri-Hime's Seal
Kin-Ki's Seal
Kindness
King Frost's Seal
Kira's Cognitite
Kitazato Avatar
Kitazato's Cognitite Shard
Kitazato's Synergy
Kitazato-only melee weapon.
Kitsune no Yomeiri
Kiuchi's Palace Ruler
Kiyoshi's Cognitite
Knight's Reward
Knowledge
Knowledge, Guts, Proficiency, Kindness, and Charm are the 5 social stats.
Known as one of the four famous fish. Its delicious flavor is even celebrated in poetry.
Kodama's Seal
Kohryu's Seal
Kokatsu Academy
Kokatsu Academy Blazer
Kokatsu Academy Emblem
Kokatsu Academy Slacks
Konpaku Gem
Konpaku Gem x1,000
Koppa Tengu's Seal
Koropokguru's Seal
Kotone Avatar
Kotone's Cognitite
Kotone's Cognitite Shard
Kotone's Invite
Kotone's Synergy
Kotone-only melee weapon.
Koumokuten's Seal
Kumbhanda's Seal
Kundaclear-R
Kunoichi: Sky's Edge
Kurama Tengu's Seal
Kurotani Avatar
Kurotani's Invite
Kurotani's Synergy
Kurotani-only melee weapon.
Kushi Mitama's Seal
Kushinada's Seal
Lachesis's Seal
Lakshmi's Seal
Lamia's Seal
Lance
Laptop
Large Spotlight
Last Words? Emote
Lava Flame
Lead for the Day
Leanan Sidhe's Seal
Leather Whip
Leek
Left Eye
Legend Cube
Legend of the Ronin
Legendary Tycoon
Leo's Cognitite
Leon Avatar
Let's Go Emote
Let's Sing!
Letter Paper
Life Ointment
Life with Flowers
Light Blue Artsy Outfit
Light Blue Beanie
Light Blue Designer Denim
Light Gray Thigh-Highs
Light Sword
Lightning Hammer
Lightning Talisman
Lilies
Lilim's Seal
Lilith's Seal
Lily Seeds
Lime Bucket Hat
Limelight
Limited 4\u2605 Weapon Case
Limited-Edition Keychain
Lingering Thoughts
Little Owl
Lively Shichi-kun
Lobster Burger
Lobster Sandwich
Lockpick
Long Fall Nights
Long-Eared Owl
Long-sleeved Jersey
Looking Sharp Emote
Love Revelation - Blue
Love Revelation - Orange
Love Revelation - Purple
Love You Emote
Lovely Icy Wind
Lowers the security level within the Palace used in to 0%. Can be crafted at the workbench with fragrance, stabilizer, and ethanol.
Lucky Emote
Lucky Persona Box
Lufel \u2663A
Lufel Avatar
Lufel's Cognitite
Lufel-only melee weapon.
Lumina Saber
Lust Chip
Lust Treasure Detector
Luxury Aroma Box
Luxury Barley Tea
Luxury Chest Key
Luxury Chinese Tea
Luxury Crafting Box
Luxury Revelation - Blue
Luxury Revelation - Orange
Luxury Revelation - Purple
Lychee
Machete
Mada's Seal
Magician Shichi-kun
Magnificent F2
Magnificent Mold
Maid Caf\xe9
Maid Caf\xe9 Preferential Ticket
Maid Figurine
Makami's Seal
Makeup 101
Makoto \u2660Q
Makoto Avatar
Makoto Niijima
Makoto's Cognitite
Makoto's Cognitite Shard
Makoto's Invite
Makoto-only melee weapon.
Mandrake's Seal
Manga Magazine
Manju Recipe
Mapo Tofu Recipe
Mara's Seal
MaraThon Energy
Marbled Beef Bowl
Marian Avatar
Marian Badge
Marthym's Rewards
Marthym's Rewards Card
Martial Arts: Gold
Martial Arts: Rainbow
Martial Arts: Silver
Masaki's Cognitite
Masquerade Ribbon
Matador's Seal
Matcha
Matcha Burger
Matcha Ice Cream Recipe
Matcha Soda
Matcha Soda Recipe
Material
Material Set
May Flowers
Mayumi Hashimoto
Mayumi's Cognitite
Mealtime Cowboy
Meat Cutlet
Meat Pie
Meat Pie Recipe
Medicine L
Medicine S
Medicine Set
Meditation Revelation - Blue
Meditation Revelation - Orange
Meditation Revelation - Purple
Medium Mold
Medium Spotlight
Medkit
Meet 'n Greet Ticket
Meitu
Meitu Collab
Melchizedek's Seal
Mellow Float
Mellow Float Recipe
Melon Pan
Melon Smoothie
Melting Pot
Memory Cube
Menswear Monthly
Mercury
Mermaid's Treasure
Merope Avatar
Merope's Synergy
Messa Avatar
Meta Directors
Meta Jewel x100
Metal Parts
Metal Powder
Metaverse Wayfarer: Gold
Metaverse Wayfarer: Rainbow
Metaverse Wayfarer: Silver
Michael's Seal
Midnight Sun
Mighty Warriors
Milk
Milk Pudding Recipe
Milk Tea
Milk Tea Recipe
Millionaire
Mime Shichi-kun
Minami Avatar
Minami's Cognitite
Minami's Cognitite Shard
Minami's Gift
Minami's Invite
Minami's Special Gift
Minami-only melee weapon.
Mineral Water
Miracle Rod
Mirika the Witch
Miso
Miso Ramen Recipe
Mithra's Seal
Mithras's Seal
Miyazawa's Palace Ruler
Miyu Avatar
Miyu's Cognitite
Miyu's Synergy
Miyu-only melee weapon.
Modded Controller
Moissanite
Moko Avatar
Moko Badge
Mokoi's Seal
Moloch's Seal
Mona Avatar
Mona Badge
MONKEY BUSTER
Mont Avatar
Mont Badge
Moon Crystal
Moonlight Needle
Moonlit Dance
Moonlit Feather
Morgana \u2663K
Morgana Avatar
Morgana's Cognitite
Morgana's Cognitite Shard
Morgana's Invite
Morgana-only melee weapon.
Mothman's Seal
Motoha \u2665A
Motoha Avatar
Motoha's Cognitite
Motoha's Summer Cognitite
Motoha's Synergy
Motoha-only melee weapon.
Mouthwatering Chicken Recipe
Movie Effect Up
Movie Ticket Stub
Multimillionaire
Mung Bean Milk Recipe
Mung Beans
Muscle Tea
MUSCLES!
Music Club Badge
My Name Is Emote
Mysterious Key
Mysterious Seeds
Mystery and Adventure
Mystery Files X
Mystery Firecracker
Mystery Phantom Thief "BU"-only melee weapon.
Mystery Phantom Thief "CH"-only melee weapon.
Mystery Phantom Thief "CO"-only melee weapon.
Mystery Phantom Thief "CS"-only melee weapon.
Mystery Phantom Thief "FO"-only melee weapon.
Mystery Phantom Thief "HO"-only melee weapon.
Mystery Phantom Thief "MA"-only melee weapon.
Mystery Phantom Thief "ME"-only melee weapon.
Mystery Phantom Thief "MO"-only melee weapon.
Mystery Phantom Thief "NO"-only melee weapon.
Mystery Phantom Thief "QU"-only melee weapon.
Mystery Phantom Thief "WI"-only melee weapon.
Mystery Weapon Kit "BU"
Mystery Weapon Kit "CH"
Mystery Weapon Kit "CO"
Mystery Weapon Kit "CS"
Mystery Weapon Kit "FO"
Mystery Weapon Kit "HO"
Mystery Weapon Kit "MA"
Mystery Weapon Kit "ME"
Mystery Weapon Kit "MO"
Mystery Weapon Kit "NO"
Mystery Weapon Kit "QU"
Mystery Weapon Kit "WI"
Mystical Seeds
Naga's Seal
Name Change Ticket
Napa Cabbage
Napa Seeds
Narcissus's Seal
Nastea
Natural Nutrients
Navy & Red Shoulder Bag
Navy and Orange Shoulder Bag
Navy and White Jinbei
Navy Short Blouson
Nebiros's Seal
Neko Shogun's Seal
Nekomata's Seal
Never get lost in a bookstore again!\nBy mastering the techniques of a librarian, you'll be able to find the books you're looking for right away!
Nice One Emote
Nightcap
Nightmare Charm
Nightmare's Gatekeepers
Nigi Mitama's Seal
No Words Emote
Noble Rod
Node Breaker
Nohar-M
Noir Avatar
Noir Badge
Normal Rod
Norn's Seal
Notes and Rhythm
Novice 5\u2605 Thief of Your Choice
Novice 5\u2605 Weapon of Your Choice
Nuclear Attack Item S
Nuclear Finisher
Nue's Seal
Obariyon's Seal
Oberon's Seal
Obtainable after a victory in the Trials from the Sea of Souls. Can be exchanged for rewards with Merope.
Obtainable after attempting all Persona dungeons. Can be exchanged for rewards in the Repression Medal shops.
Obtainable after clearing Nightmare's Gateway challenge. Can be exchanged for Wonder-only 5\u2605 weapons in the Airsoft Shop.
Obtainable after clearing the events Crossroads of Fate: Museum and Bank Arcs. Can be exchanged for rewards in the Gallery Auction.
Obtainable by clearing the adjusted Metro of Desire. Can raise your adjustment level for operation objectives.
Obtainable by clearing the events Crossroads of Fate or Caf\xe9 Leblanc. Can be exchanged for rewards at the Thieves' Exchange.
Obtainable by exchanging duplicate capsules. Randomly grants various items.
Obtainable by exchanging duplicate capsules. The randomly granted items can be used as gifts for accomplices.
Obtainable by fishing at the Fishing Pond. Can be exchanged for rewards at the Catch 'n' Trade.
Obtainable by playing Crossroads of Fate: Pyramid Arc. Can be exchanged for rewards.
Obtainable by playing Crossroads of Fate: Spaceport Arc. Can be exchanged for rewards.
Obtainable by playing events such as Trials from the Sea of Souls. Can be exchanged for rewards from the Repression Medal shops.
Obtainable by winning at Tycoon. Can be exchanged for various items at the Exchange Shop.
Obtainable from Daily Hoot-n-Loot. Can be exchanged for rewards in the shop.
Obtainable from Persona dungeons on levels I, II, and III in the Realm of Repression. Can be exchanged for rewards in the Repression Medal shops.
Obtainable from Persona dungeons on levels VI and VII in the Realm of Repression. Can be exchanged for rewards in the Repression Medal shops.
Obtainable from Phantom Pass level rewards. Can be exchanged for 5\u2605 weapons in the Airsoft Shop.
Obtainable from shops and exchange shops.
Obtainable from the Cycle of Fate. Used to craft orange-rarity Revelation Cards.
Obtainable from the Summer! Swimsuits! Sea Time! event. Can be exchanged for event rewards in the Beach House.
Obtainable from the Trial of Thorns. Can be exchanged for Wonder-only 5\u2605 weapons.
Obtainable from The Velvet Trials challenges, levelling up Palace Exploration and Fare Machines in Mementos. Used to level up schema skills.
Obtainable from Trials from the Sea of Souls, Recollections, and the Assist Rewards Exchange Shop. Can be exchanged for 4\u2605 weapons in the Airsoft Shop.
Obtainable when leveling up the protagonist or making entries in the Persona Compendium. Used to level up schema skills.
Obtained after completing the Daily Pass.
Obtained by playing baseball. Can be exchanged at the shop for rewards.
Obtained from a capsule machine in the city. Can be displayed in your display case at home.
Obtained from a Kichijoji-exclusive capsule machine. Can be displayed in your display case at home.
Obtained from a Shibuya-exclusive capsule machine. Can be displayed in your display case at home.
Obtained from a Shinjuku-exclusive capsule machine. Can be displayed in your display case at home.
Obtained from a Zoshigaya-exclusive capsule machine. Can be displayed in your display case at home.
Obtained from the Realm of Repression. Can be exchanged for rewards in the Repression Medal shops.
Oden
Office Background
Oh No Emote
Ohoho Emote
Oishi
Oishi Collab
OK Emote
Okuninushi's Seal
Okyann Avatar
Omega Knuckle
Omelette Rice Recipe
Once you earn enough affinity, you will increase your Affinity Rank.
One of the firework types you can choose at the fireworks festival. Obtained in Summer! Swimsuits! Sea Time!
Oni's Seal
Onion
Onion Seeds
Online World
Onmoraki's Seal
Onsen Background
Operation Time
Oppression Revelation - Blue
Oppression Revelation - Orange
Oppression Revelation - Purple
Oracle Avatar
Oracle Badge
Oracle Ink
Orange Bucket Hat
Orange Departure and Hope
Orange Designer Cap
Orange Hymn of Departure
Orange Hymn of Interference
Orange Hymn of Power
Orange Juice
Orange Line Cargo Pants
Orange Paint
Orange Soda
Orb of Greed
Ordinarily Common
Ordinarily Poor
Ordinarily Rich
Ordinary Background
Ordinary Line Course 3
Ore No Beko
Orobas's Seal
Orthrus's Seal
Ose's Seal
Osmanthus Bouquet
Osmanthus Seeds
Osmanthuses
OT Premium Probiotic
Overclock O1
Overloader
Overwhelmed Emote
P Medal
Paint Color
Palace Core from Crossroads of Fate: Bank Arc.
Palace Core from Crossroads of Fate: Castle Arc.
Palace of Laughter
Pale Rider's Seal
Pan-Fried Gyoza
Panic Emote
Panther Avatar
Panther Badge
Parasol
Participants
Partner Kurotani Avatar
Partner Shun Avatar
Party Background
Parvati's Seal
Pass Experience Credit
Pause Module
Pazuzu's Seal
PC Player
Peace Revelation - Blue
Peace Revelation - Orange
Peace Revelation - Purple
Peach Water
Peafowl Cane
Pearl Powder
Peculiar Coin
Peculiar Parasol
Peek Emote
Peony Fireworks
Peppery Beef Bun
Permafrost
Perseverance Revelation - Blue
Perseverance Revelation - Orange
Perseverance Revelation - Purple
Perseverence
Persona EXP Credit
Persona Master: Gold
Persona Master: Rainbow
Persona Master: Silver
Persona Set
Persona Super Set
Persona Super Set 1
Persona Super Set 2
Personal Avatar
Pet Emote
Phantom Collector
Phantom Pass items up for grabs:\n1 Salamander Coin\n5 Gold Tickets\n2 Everlasting Incense\n6 Coffee Aids\nas well as training materials and Konpaku Gems.\n\nPremium Pass items up for grabs:\n4 Salamander Coins\n2 Limited 4\u2605 Weapon Cases\n5 Platinum Tickets\n3 Platinum Milicoins\n1 Orange Fortune Revelation\n3 Everlasting Incense\n6 Coffee Aids\nas well as training materials and Konpaku Gems.
Phantom Pass Phase 2 Exclusive Items\n\u2022 Exclusive Outfit: Black Street Outfit\n\u2022 Exclusive Profile Card: Interlaced Desires\n\u2022 Exclusive Frame: Winged Rebel\nThese can be obtained after purchasing your Premium+ Pass.
Phantom Thief Attire
Phantom Thief Gift
Phantom Thief Set
Phoebe Avatar
Phoebe Badge
Phoenix Dagger
Phoenix's Seal
Phone
Photo Booth Frame
Pickaxe
Pickle Ramune
Pine Growth/Harmony Gift
Pink Baseball
Pink Line Cargo Pants
Pink Mokokuma Pj's
Pink Office Hero
Pink Paint
Pink Shoulder Bag
Pixie's Seal
Plastic
Platinum Blouson
Platinum Milicoin
Platinum Shooter
Pleasure Revelation - Blue
Pleasure Revelation - Orange
Pleasure Revelation - Purple
Plum Blossom Arm Band
Plum Blossom Dango
Plum Blossom Knot
Plum Juice
Point
Points gainable through obtaining City Life stamps. Can be exchanged for items in the point shop.
Points that can be obtained by participating in the 24-hour TV program. Can be exchanged for program rewards.
Popcorn
Pork
Portable Trauma Unit
Pose Emote
Potato
Potato Seeds
Potential for Hope
Power Gift: Bamboo
Power Gift: Pine
Power Revelation - Blue
Power Revelation - Orange
Power Revelation - Purple
Power's Seal
Powerful Rod
Prayer Bell
Prayer Item
Prayer Magatama
Premium + Special 1
Premium + Special 2
Premium + Special 3
Premium + Special 4
Premium + Special 5
Premium Pass Plus
Premium Probiotic
Premium Shake
Premium Ticket
Primal Beast
Prime Mullet
Principality's Seal
Prism Cognigem
Prison Key
Prize Box
Proficiency
Profile Card
Profile card design.\nWill be updated after logging in again.
Profile Design
Prolific Commander of Lust
Prolific Commander of Wrath
Psy Attack Item S
Puff Puff Star
Punish Lance
Puppet Avatar
Purple Beanie
Purple Crystal
Purple Departure and Hope
Purple Designer Denim
Purple Hymn of Power
Purple Metal Powder
Purple Shell Outfit
Purple Short Blouson
Purple Tech Sneakers
Purrfect Premium Cat Food
Puzzle Piece
Puzzled Emote
Qimranut Ticket
Quasar
Queen Avatar
Queen Badge
Queen Mab's Seal
Queen of the Seas
Queen of Winter
Quetzalcoatl's Seal
Queue of 100 Demons Background
Quick Relaxation Methods
Quite Poor
Railway Coin
Rainbow Metal Powder
Rainbow Umbrella
Raises an ally's hidden ability level (up to 2).
Raises an ally's hidden ability level (up to 5).
Raises an ally's hidden ability level (up to 7).
Raises an ally's skill level (up to 10).
Raises an ally's skill level (up to 3).
Raises an ally's skill level (up to 6).
Raises an ally's skill level (up to 9).
Raises an ally's skill level to 10.
Raja Naga's Seal
Rakshasa's Seal
Rakugo and You
Ramen Western
Random Gift Set
Randomly deals Physical or Gun damage to 1 foe once. Can be crafted at the workbench with liquid mercury and white phosphorus.
Randomly deals Psy, Nuclear, Bless, or Curse damage to 1 foe once. Can be crafted at the workbench with ethanol and iron sheets.
Randomly deals Wind, Fire, Ice, or Elec damage to 1 foe once. Can be crafted at the workbench with ethanol and metal powder.
Randomly grants a present for accomplices.
Randomly grants a ton of various items after clearing City Life.
Randomly grants many various items after clearing City Life.
Randomly grants one blue-rarity Space Revelation Card.
Randomly grants one blue-rarity Sun, Moon, Star or Sky Revelation Card.
Randomly grants one item.
Randomly grants one of these items: Essentials, Materials, Flowers, Ingredients, or Seeds.
Randomly grants one of these items: Idol Keychain, Penlight, Kendama, Shin Guards, Mixed Nuts, or Leather Pen Case.
Randomly grants one of these items: Kendama, Adhesive Bandage, IV Bag, Tuna Rice Ball, Salmon Rice Ball, or Handmade Book Cover.
Randomly grants one of these items: Penlight, Coaster, Sports Towel, Heart-shaped Hand Mirror, or Mixed Nuts.
Randomly grants one of these items: Premium Shake, Strawberry Flan, Peach Water, Yogurt Soda, Fruit Juice, Melon Smoothie, or Idol Keychain.
Randomly grants one of these items: Shichi-kun Doll, Burger Cushion, Omni-Vitamins, Cat Hairpin, or Strawberry Bento Box.
Randomly grants one orange-rarity Space Revelation Card.
Randomly grants one orange-rarity Sun, Moon, Star or Sky Revelation Card.
Randomly grants one purple-rarity Space Revelation Card.
Randomly grants one purple-rarity Sun, Moon, Star or Sky Revelation Card.
Randomly grants one white-rarity Space Revelation Card.
Rangda's Seal
Rapier
Rare Capsule Rate Up
Rare Chest Key
Rare Shell
Rebel Coin
Rebel Knife
Receive a small amount of Konpaku Gems.
Recipe
Reconciliation Revelation - Blue
Reconciliation Revelation - Orange
Reconciliation Revelation - Purple
Recov-R L
Recov-R M
Recov-R S
Red Beanie
Red Office Hero
Red Ore
Red Paint
Red Panther
Red Phosphorus
Red Plum Blossom
Red Plum Blossom Shard
Red Rider's Seal
Red Shoulder Bag
Red Sunglasses
Red Tech Sneakers
Refreshing Tonic
Refreshing Tonic Recipe
Relax Gel
Remodel Ticket
Removes 1 buff from 1 foe.
Removes 1 debuff from 1 ally.
Ren Amamiya
Ren Avatar
Ren's Cognitite
Ren's Cognitite Shard
Ren's Invite
Ren-only melee weapon.
Renew-All
Replicator E9
Repression Medal I
Repression Medal II
Repression Medal III
Repression Medal IV
Request
Request Refresh Ticket
Resets a purple Revelation Card that has reached the maximum level.
Resets a Revelation Card.
Resolve Revelation - Blue
Resolve Revelation - Orange
Resolve Revelation - Purple
Restores 10% SP to 1 ally.
Restores 100% HP to party.
Restores 100% SP to 1 ally.
Restores 15% HP to party.
Restores 150 HP to 1 ally.
Restores 20% HP to 1 ally.
Restores 20% SP to 1 ally.
Restores 30% HP to party.
Restores 30% SP to 1 ally.
Restores 35% HP to 1 ally.
Restores 50% HP to 1 ally.
Restores 70% HP to party.
Retro Disco Style
Retro Game Console
Retrograde Card
Retrograde Card: Purple
Revelation Set
Revelation Super Set
Revenge Axe
Reviv-All
Revivadrin
Revives 1 KO'd ally with 100% HP.
Revives 1 KO'd ally with 50% HP.
Revives a Phantom Thief that has fallen in battle after the battle ends.
Revives all KO'd allies with 100% HP.
Revives all KO'd allies with 50% HP.
Revives one ally.
Rice
Richly Common
Riddle Avatar
Riddle Badge
Right Eye
Riko \u2666A
Riko Avatar
Riko's Cognitite
Riko's Synergy
Riko-only melee weapon.
Rin Avatar
Rin Badge
Ring Key
Robot
Rock 'n' Roller
Rockfish
Rose Gift
Rosethorn
Rosina's Engagement
Route Booster F1
Route Ticket
Royal Saber
Rubber
Rubber Ball
Runa Dogenzaka
Runa's Cognitite
Runa's Synergy
Ryuji \u2663K
Ryuji Avatar
Ryuji Sakamoto
Ryuji's Cognitite
Ryuji's Cognitite Shard
Ryuji's Invite
Ryuji-only melee weapon.
S-Tier Fan Card
Saber
Sacred Saber
Safe Keycard
Saki Mitama's Seal
Salamander Coin
Salmon
Salmon Rice Ball
Salmonique Rollock
Salted Lemonade
Salty Canned Meat
Samurai's Gauntlets
Samurai's Helmet
Samurai's Pauldrons
Sandalphon's Seal
Sandman's Seal
Sandwich
Sarasvati's Seal
Sashimi Recipe
Scarlet Pride
Scarlet Scepter
Scathach's Seal
Schema Points
Schema Points +
Schema Points +O
School Uniform
Science Revelation - Blue
Science Revelation - Orange
Science Revelation - Purple
Science Savvy: Stars
Scientifically proven to contain more nutrients in its body, this flounder is a delicacy in dietary therapy.
Scops Owl
Sea Bass
Sea Cucumber
Sea Scooter
Sea Time!
Seafood Fried Rice
Seafood Salad Recipe
Seal of Fire
Seared Beef Recipe
Secret Key 1
Secret Key 2
Secret Key 3
Secret Librarian Skills
Security Guard's Memo
Seed Set OB
Seeds
Seeker: Bank
Seeker: Castle
Seeker: Museum
Seeker: Royal Tomb
Seeker: Space
Seiji's Cognitite
Seiryu's Seal
Seishiki Sword
Selfie Emote
Sennight Inferno Shard
Sepia Avatar
Setanta's Seal
Seth's Seal
Shadow 1
Shadow 10
Shadow 11
Shadow 12
Shadow 13
Shadow 14
Shadow 15
Shadow 16
Shadow 2
Shadow 3
Shadow 4
Shadow 5
Shadow 6
Shadow 7
Shadow 8
Shadow 9
Shadow Crowns
Shadowkiller
Shakudo
Shall We Dance?
Shamshir
Shaoxing Wine
Sharp Twinblades
Sheriruth Ticket
Shibuya Background
Shibuya Tourism Guidebook
Shield of Thorns: Elite
Shield of Thorns: Legend
Shield of Thorns: Rookie
Shield of Thorns: Veteran
Shiisaa's Seal
Shiitake Mushrooms
Shiki-Ouji's Seal
Shin Guards
Shinjuku Capsule Machines
Shiratori Avatar
Shiratori-only melee weapon.
Shiruko Recipe
Shiva's Seal
Shocked Emote
Shocking Bell
Shopping Emote
Short Blade
Showtime Emote
Shrill Pickaxe
Shrimp
Shrimp Ball Recipe
Shrimp Stir-Fry Recipe
Shrimpy Rolla
Shun \u2660A
Shun Avatar
Shun's Cognitite
Shun's Synergy
Shun-only melee weapon.
Sign a contract.
Silky's Seal
Silver Core
Silver Parts
Silver Shooter
Simple Packaging
Singer's Novelty
Skadi's Seal
Skill Incense L
Skill Incense M
Skill Incense S
Skill Support Gift
Skull Avatar
Skull Badge
Sky Commander
Slashing Flail
Slightly decreases a Palace's security level.
Slightly restores HP.
Slime's Seal
Slow Dance Kotone Montagne
Small Spotlight
Smoke Bomb
Smuggler on Horseback
Snake Eye Umbrella
Snow Globe
Snowy Owl
Soba
Soccer Club Badge
Soccer Team Badge
Social Media Bonds: Gold
Social Media Bonds: Rainbow
Social Media Bonds: Silver
Social Stats
Soda Water
Somewhat Common
Somewhat decreases a Palace's security level.
Somewhat Poor
Sonic Dash
Soothing Winged Embrace
Sorrow Revelation - Blue
Sorrow Revelation - Orange
Sorrow Revelation - Purple
Soulmate Ayaka Avatar
Soulmate Kotone Avatar
Soulmate Miyu Avatar
Soulmate Motoha Avatar
Soulmate Riko Avatar
Soulmate Tomoko Avatar
Soulmate Yaoling Avatar
Soulmate Yumi Avatar
Soy Avatar
Soy Sauce
Space Destiny Badge
Spare Part Chain
Sparkle Emote
Sparkling Lemon Water
Special Cream Soda
Special Matcha Soda
Special Mellow Float
Special Milk Tea
Special Refreshing Tonic
Special Treat Emote
Spice Bundle
Spicy Boiled Fish Recipe
Spicy Emote
Spike Whip
Spinner Fireworks
Spiritual Endurance
Spotlight
Spray-On Dye
Spring Holiday
Spring Roll Recipe
Squabble Emote
Stabilizer
Stadium Memory Shard
Staff
Stamina
Stamina Kit L
Stamina Kit M
Stamina Kit S
Stamina Kit X
Stamina Replenishment
Standard Pass Plus
Star Crystal
Star Fireworks
Stardust Bell
Stardust Bottle
Stardust Gem
Stardust Roulette
Stare Emote
Starlike Scintillators
Starry Compass
Starry Compass Shard
Starry Night: Gold
Starry Night: Holo
Starry Night: Rainbow
Starry Night: Silver
Starry Sparklers
Starrynight Soothsayer
Starvation of the Mind
Staunchly Poor
Stealthanol
Steel Tomahawk
Stewed Chicken Recipe
Stick
Sticky Rice Ball Recipe
Stitched Dreams
Storm Charm
Strange Alert Emote
Strawberry Cream
Strawberry Flan
Strife Revelation - Blue
Strife Revelation - Orange
Strife Revelation - Purple
Strong Coating Agent
Subliminal Vestiges
Submarine Sonar
Success Revelation - Blue
Success Revelation - Orange
Success Revelation - Purple
Succubus's Seal
Sudama's Seal
Sugar
Sui-Ki's Seal
Sukiyaki Recipe
Sumi Avatar
Sumi's Synergy
Sumi-only melee weapon.
Summer Closer Icon
Summer Memory
Summer Moko Icon
Summer Motoha Arai
Summer Motoha Icon
Summer Motoha's Cognitite Shard
Summer Riko's Cognitite Shard
Summer Tomoko Icon
Summer Tomoko Noge
Sumo Wrestler Stickers
Sun Crystal
Sunflowers
Sunstaff
Super Gamers
Super Rich Green Tea
Superb Almond Jelly
Superb Beef Stew
Superb Char Siu
Superb Chinese Medicinal Soup
Superb Chinese Stir-Fry
Superb Croquette
Superb Curry with Rice
Superb Eel Rice Bowl
Superb Flan
Superb Grilled Rockfish
Superb Gyoza
Superb Manju
Superb Mapo Tofu
Superb Matcha Ice Cream
Superb Meat Pie
Superb Milk Pudding
Superb Miso Ramen
Superb Mouthwatering Chicken
Superb Mung Bean Milk
Superb Omelette Rice
Superb Salmon Sashimi
Superb Seafood Salad
Superb Seared Beef
Superb Shiruko
Superb Shrimp Balls
Superb Shrimp Stir-Fry
Superb Spicy Boiled Fish
Superb Spring Rolls
Superb Stewed Chicken
Superb Sticky Rice Balls
Superb Sukiyaki
Superb Sweet and Sour Fish
Superb Sweet Kinako Mochi
Superb Tempura
Superb Tonkatsu
Superb Tricolored Dango
Superb Vinegar Tofu
Superb Winter Melon Tea
Superb Youlinji
Superstar
Superstar: Gold
Superstar: Rainbow
Superstar: Silver
Supply Item
Support Gift I
Support Gift II
Support Gift III
Support Gift IV
Surprise Capsule L
Surprise Capsule S
Surprise Emote
Surt's Seal
Sushi Background
Suspect Y's Sacrifice
Suspicious Boilie
Suzaku's Seal
Sweet and Sour Fish Recipe
Sweet Kinako Mochi Recipe
Sweet Pickaxe
SweeTea
Sweety SG
Swift Owl
Swindler's Dream
Swinging Hammer
Sword of Thorns: Elite
Sword of Thorns: Legend
Sword of Thorns: Rookie
Sword of Thorns: Veteran
Synchro-attack
Synergy Up 1
Synergy Up 2
System Handbook
Tabby's Treasure
Tachi
Take a Look Emote
Take Your Heart Emote
Take Your Meds Emote
Take-Minakata X
Takemedic
Takemedic-All
Takemedic-All V
Takemedic-All Z
Takemi Medical Clinic
Tango no Sekku
TANKODILE
Tap on the Exchange Code to go to the official site and redeem it.
Targeted!
Tasty Treats Cat Food
Tea O'Clock
Tea Time Emote
Teach Me Emote
Teary-Eyed Emote
Tease Emote
Tempered Glass
Temporarily obstructs the enemy's vision.
Tempura Recipe
Teriyaki Chicken Bento
Test Item
Test Reward
Texting Emote
Thank You Emote
Thank-You Card
Thank-you Gift
That First Sip
The adventures of the beautiful female pirate, Alvilda, who makes a name for herself as a pirate to escape a political marriage.\nA book for the brave-hearted, who seek a life of freedom.
The Art of Kabuki
The Castle of Frost
The Chivalrous J\xe1no\u0161\xedk
The Definitive Guide to Tourist Spots
The Final Pitch
The first big set of every Persona.
The Golden Rule
The Ingredients Spoketh
The King Book
The Kunoichi's Path
The Language of Flowers
The legend of the Italian gentleman thief, Ghino di Tacco.\nAlthough he was a brigand, his gentlemanly charm earned the admiration of the people.
The protagonist of this story awakens to his hidden talent for chess, and soon becomes a world-famous champion.\nReading it should help you understand the fundamental strategy of the game as well.
The Queen Book
The second big set of every Persona.
The Self Revelation - Blue
The Self Revelation - Orange
The Self Revelation - Purple
The Slave Book
The story of a betrayed samurai who falls from grace, but rises up from the bottom again.\nHis unwavering determination will surely inspire courage.
The story of Chiyome Mochizuki, a female shinobi, who could slip through even the tightest security with ease.\nJust reading it might help this proficient ninjutsu practitioner's skills rub off on you.
The story of Mandrin, the French smuggler, and how he became a legendary thief who punished the wicked and shared his spoils with the good.\nBy studying this man who was both a merchant and a thief, you'll gain a wealth of knowledge.
The story of the Slovakian phantom thief, J\xe1no\u0161\xedk, who leads a band of thieves to fight against corrupt authorities.\nReading it might help you understand the charm of this heroic outlaw.
The Sweet Life: Gold
The Sweet Life: Rainbow
The Sweet Life: Silver
The tale of the Scottish outlaw Rob Roy, living on the run as he seeks revenge against those who wronged him.\nReading it will help you understand the will to protect one's pride.
The treasure of Katayama's Palace.
The treasure of Kiuchi's Palace.
The treasure of Miyazawa's Palace.
The Witch's Kiss
The World of Art
Thermodynamic Bell
They're the Best
Thief Compendium Scrap
Thief Compendium Tome
Thief Compendium Volume
Thief's Cognitite Shard
Thieves Den EXP Credit
Thieves Den Statue
Thieves Den Theme
This book observes the condition of people in modern society, who despite privileges like food security\nin the midst of rapid economic development, are experiencing various other hardships.
This Is So Fun!
This pacific herring's scales were not damaged when it was caught. Its freshness is truly remarkable.
This Way Emote
Thor's Seal
Thoth's Seal
Thou Art I Emote
Through the Seasons
Thumbs Up Emote
Tiger Tea
Time to Bloom!
Timeline Module
Tired Emote
Titania's Seal
To commemorate participation in the beta test.\nCan be set as your profile card.
To You, With Love
Tofu
Tomahawk
Tomato
Tomato Beef Bun
Tomato Seeds
Tomb Destiny Badge
Tomiyama Avatar
Tomiyama's Cognitite
Tomiyama's Synergy
Tomiyama-only melee weapon.
Tomoko Avatar
Tomoko's Cognitite
Tomoko's Invite
Tomoko's Summer Cognitite
Tomoko's Synergy
Tomoko-only melee weapon.
Tonfa
Tonic Water
Tonkatsu Recipe
Top-class Boilie
Top-Secret Sakura Spots
Toshiya's Cognitite
Total Commander of Lust
Total Commander of Wrath
Tourism guide for Inokashira Park.\nEnjoy cherry blossom viewing with friends in spring!
Trailblazer Ticket
Training Bat
Training Boost Set 1
Training Boost Set 2
Training Boost Set 3
Training Boost Set 4
Training Boost Set 5
Training Boost Set 6
Training Box
Training Gloves
Training Hall of Love Key
Transform Emote
Transformation Revelation - Blue
Transformation Revelation - Orange
Transformation Revelation - Purple
Transformed Chain
Treasure Chest Key
Treasure Demon Bait
Treat Yourself L
Treat Yourself M
Treat Yourself S
Trial Key
Trial Ticket
Triangular Bayonet
Tricolored Dango Recipe
Triple-Sealed Charm
Trojan Horse
Trojan S8
TRONASAURUS 01
Trumpeter's Seal
Trust Revelation - Blue
Trust Revelation - Orange
Trust Revelation - Purple
Tuna
Tuna Rice Ball
Tune A. Rollins
Tutorial Coin
TV Show Point
Twin Chakrams
Twin Daggers
Twin Disc
Twinblade
Tycoon Medal
Tycoon Point
Umibozu
Under Contract
Under Control Emote
Under Development
Unicorn's Seal
Unknown
Unknown Blue Revelation
Unknown Blue Revelation A
Unknown Blue Revelation B
Unknown Orange Revelation
Unknown Orange Revelation A
Unknown Orange Revelation B
Unknown Purple Revelation
Unknown Purple Revelation A
Unknown Purple Revelation B
Unknown Revelation S: Blue
Unknown Revelation S: Orange
Unknown Revelation S: Purple
Unknown Revelation S: White
Unknown Seeds
Unlock Item
Unlocks chapters of Phantom Thief Memories.
Unlocks new colored clothes in the closet of your bedroom.
Unshakable Stoics
Unused tickets for the Spin to Win Raffle. Use them to receive converted rewards. Each ticket can be exchanged for 300 Konpaku Gems.
Urchie Rolestone
Use in a Palace to open special doors.
Use in a Palace.
Use to receive a Blue-rarity Abundance Revelation Card.
Use to receive a Blue-rarity Awareness Revelation Card.
Use to receive a Blue-rarity Completion Revelation Card.
Use to receive a Blue-rarity Creation Revelation Card.
Use to receive a Blue-rarity Defeat Revelation Card.
Use to receive a Blue-rarity Departure Revelation Card.
Use to receive a Blue-rarity Disappointment Revelation Card.
Use to receive a Blue-rarity Dominion Revelation Card.
Use to receive a Blue-rarity Faith Revelation Card.
Use to receive a Blue-rarity Freedom Revelation Card.
Use to receive a Blue-rarity Futility Revelation Card.
Use to receive a Blue-rarity Growth Revelation Card.
Use to receive a Blue-rarity Harmony Revelation Card.
Use to receive a Blue-rarity Hope Revelation Card.
Use to receive a Blue-rarity Integrity Revelation Card.
Use to receive a Blue-rarity Interference Revelation Card.
Use to receive a Blue-rarity Love Revelation Card.
Use to receive a Blue-rarity Luxury Revelation Card.
Use to receive a Blue-rarity Meditation Revelation Card.
Use to receive a Blue-rarity Oppression Revelation Card.
Use to receive a Blue-rarity Peace Revelation Card.
Use to receive a Blue-rarity Perseverance Revelation Card.
Use to receive a Blue-rarity Pleasure Revelation Card.
Use to receive a Blue-rarity Power Revelation Card.
Use to receive a Blue-rarity Reconciliation Revelation Card.
Use to receive a Blue-rarity Resolve Revelation Card.
Use to receive a Blue-rarity Science Revelation Card.
Use to receive a Blue-rarity Sorrow Revelation Card.
Use to receive a Blue-rarity Strife Revelation Card.
Use to receive a Blue-rarity Success Revelation Card.
Use to receive a Blue-rarity The Self Revelation Card.
Use to receive a Blue-rarity Transformation Revelation Card.
Use to receive a Blue-rarity Trust Revelation Card.
Use to receive a Blue-rarity Valor Revelation Card.
Use to receive a Blue-rarity Victory Revelation Card.
Use to receive a Blue-rarity Virtue Revelation Card.
Use to receive a Blue-rarity Wisdom Revelation Card.
Use to receive a Blue-rarity Works Revelation Card.
Use to receive a Blue-rarity Worry Revelation Card.
Use to receive a Purple-rarity Abundance Revelation Card.
Use to receive a Purple-rarity Acceptance Revelation Card.
Use to receive a Purple-rarity Awareness Revelation Card.
Use to receive a Purple-rarity Completion Revelation Card.
Use to receive a Purple-rarity Creation Revelation Card.
Use to receive a Purple-rarity Defeat Revelation Card.
Use to receive a Purple-rarity Departure Revelation Card.
Use to receive a Purple-rarity Disappointment Revelation Card.
Use to receive a Purple-rarity Dominion Revelation Card.
Use to receive a Purple-rarity Faith Revelation Card.
Use to receive a Purple-rarity Futility Revelation Card.
Use to receive a Purple-rarity Growth Revelation Card.
Use to receive a Purple-rarity Harmony Revelation Card.
Use to receive a Purple-rarity Hope Revelation Card.
Use to receive a Purple-rarity Integrity Revelation Card.
Use to receive a Purple-rarity Interference Revelation Card.
Use to receive a Purple-rarity Love Revelation Card.
Use to receive a Purple-rarity Luxury Revelation Card.
Use to receive a Purple-rarity Meditation Revelation Card.
Use to receive a Purple-rarity Oppression Revelation Card.
Use to receive a Purple-rarity Peace Revelation Card.
Use to receive a Purple-rarity Perseverance Revelation Card.
Use to receive a Purple-rarity Pleasure Revelation Card.
Use to receive a Purple-rarity Power Revelation Card.
Use to receive a Purple-rarity Reconciliation Revelation Card.
Use to receive a Purple-rarity Resolve Revelation Card.
Use to receive a Purple-rarity Science Revelation Card.
Use to receive a Purple-rarity Sorrow Revelation Card.
Use to receive a Purple-rarity Strife Revelation Card.
Use to receive a Purple-rarity Success Revelation Card.
Use to receive a Purple-rarity The Self Revelation Card.
Use to receive a Purple-rarity Transformation Revelation Card.
Use to receive a Purple-rarity Trust Revelation Card.
Use to receive a Purple-rarity Valor Revelation Card.
Use to receive a Purple-rarity Victory Revelation Card.
Use to receive a Purple-rarity Virtue Revelation Card.
Use to receive a Purple-rarity Wisdom Revelation Card.
Use to receive a Purple-rarity Works Revelation Card.
Use to receive a Purple-rarity Worry Revelation Card.
Use to receive a random Space Revelation Card of the same color.
Use to receive an Orange-rarity Abundance Revelation Card.
Use to receive an Orange-rarity Acceptance Revelation Card.
Use to receive an Orange-rarity Awareness Revelation Card.
Use to receive an Orange-rarity Completion Revelation Card.
Use to receive an Orange-rarity Creation Revelation Card.
Use to receive an Orange-rarity Defeat Revelation Card.
Use to receive an Orange-rarity Departure Revelation Card.
Use to receive an Orange-rarity Disappointment Revelation Card.
Use to receive an Orange-rarity Dominion Revelation Card.
Use to receive an Orange-rarity Faith Revelation Card.
Use to receive an Orange-rarity Freedom Revelation Card.
Use to receive an Orange-rarity Futility Revelation Card.
Use to receive an Orange-rarity Growth Revelation Card.
Use to receive an Orange-rarity Harmony Revelation Card.
Use to receive an Orange-rarity Hope Revelation Card.
Use to receive an Orange-rarity Integrity Revelation Card.
Use to receive an Orange-rarity Interference Revelation Card.
Use to receive an Orange-rarity Love Revelation Card.
Use to receive an Orange-rarity Luxury Revelation Card.
Use to receive an Orange-rarity Meditation Revelation Card.
Use to receive an Orange-rarity Oppression Revelation Card.
Use to receive an Orange-rarity Peace Revelation Card.
Use to receive an Orange-rarity Perseverance Revelation Card.
Use to receive an Orange-rarity Pleasure Revelation Card.
Use to receive an Orange-rarity Power Revelation Card.
Use to receive an Orange-rarity Reconciliation Revelation Card.
Use to receive an Orange-rarity Resolve Revelation Card.
Use to receive an Orange-rarity Science Revelation Card.
Use to receive an Orange-rarity Sorrow Revelation Card.
Use to receive an Orange-rarity Strife Revelation Card.
Use to receive an Orange-rarity Success Revelation Card.
Use to receive an Orange-rarity The Self Revelation Card.
Use to receive an Orange-rarity Transformation Revelation Card.
Use to receive an Orange-rarity Trust Revelation Card.
Use to receive an Orange-rarity Valor Revelation Card.
Use to receive an Orange-rarity Victory Revelation Card.
Use to receive an Orange-rarity Virtue Revelation Card.
Use to receive an Orange-rarity Wisdom Revelation Card.
Use to receive an Orange-rarity Works Revelation Card.
Use to receive an Orange-rarity Worry Revelation Card.
Used for City Life activities.
Used for Contracts, Arms Deals, and recovering your stamina.
Used in chat.
Used in the 24-hour TV program "Brawl Bots."
Used to cook in your home kitchen.
Used to craft all Charms at the workbench.
Used to craft Atomic Charms and Thermodynamic Bells at the workbench.
Used to craft Blaze Charms and Burning Bells at the workbench.
Used to craft Bludgeoning Bells and Bullet Bells at the workbench.
Used to craft Bludgeoning Bells, Bullet Bells, and Lust Treasure Detectors at the workbench.
Used to craft Calming Aromas at the workbench.
Used to craft Calming Aromas, Elemental Firecrackers, Mystery Firecrackers, Gale Charms, and Frost Charms at the workbench.
Used to craft Calming Aromas, Windswept Bells, Burning Bells, Icy Bells, and Shocking Bells at the workbench.
Used to craft Camellia Tea, Osmanthus Tea, Preserved Flowers, Violet Bouquets, and Osmanthus Bouquets at the workbench.
Used to craft Destructive Firecrackers and Triple-Sealed Charms at the workbench.
Used to craft Devilish Charms and Disenchant Bells at the workbench.
Used to craft Frost Charms and Icy Bells at the workbench.
Used to craft Gale Charms and Windswept Bells at the workbench.
Used to craft Golden Fortune Charms and Prayer Bells at the workbench.
Used to craft Grappling Hooks and Lockpicks at the workbench.
Used to craft Hypno Mist at the workbench.
Used to craft Hypno Mist, Elemental Firecrackers, Blaze Charms, and Storm Charms at the workbench.
Used to craft Hypno Mist, Illusion Bells, and Thermodynamic Bells at the workbench.
Used to craft Icy Bells and Shocking Bells at the workbench.
Used to craft Illusion Bells and Thermodynamic Bells at the workbench.
Used to craft infiltration tools at the workbench.
Used to craft Lockpicks at the workbench.
Used to craft Lockpicks, Destructive Firecrackers, and Vengeance Charms at the workbench.
Used to craft Lust Treasure Detectors and Vanity Treasure Detectors at the workbench.
Used to craft Mystery Firecrackers, Atomic Charms, and Devilish Charms at the workbench.
Used to craft Nightmare Charms and Golden Fortune Charms at the workbench.
Used to craft Nightmare Charms and Illusion Bells at the workbench.
Used to craft Prayer Bells and Disenchant Bells at the workbench.
Used to craft Prayer Bells, Disenchant Bells, and Vanity Treasure Detectors at the workbench.
Used to craft Storm Charms and Shocking Bells at the workbench.
Used to craft Triple-Sealed Charms and Bullet Bells at the workbench.
Used to craft Vengeance Charms and Bludgeoning Bells at the workbench.
Used to craft Windswept Bells and Burning Bells at the workbench.
Used to level up your Phantom Pass.
Used to level up your Thieves Den.
Used to obtain a random Space Revelation Card of the same color.
Used to open special doors in a Palace.
Used to overclock weapons and to level up hidden abilities and skills.
Used to purchase various items at the shop. Only usable on the Metro of Desire.
Used to rank up J\xe1no\u0161\xedk.
Used to restore 30 Stamina.
Used to restore 5 Action Points.
Used to restore 60 Stamina.
Used to select and obtain 10 of these training materials: Fragrance of Iris, Yellow Crystal, and Skill Incense M.
Used to select and obtain 18 of these materials: Thief Compendium Tome, Gold Parts, and Legend Cube.
Used to select and obtain one orange-rarity basic card.
Used to select and obtain one Space Revelation Card.
Used to train Phantom Thieves and Personas.
Valkyrie's Seal
Valor Revelation - Blue
Valor Revelation - Orange
Valor Revelation - Purple
Vanilla Ice Cream
Vanity Chip
Vanity Treasure Detector
Vegetable Juice
Velvet Reception Room
Vengeance Charm
Venus Bottle
Venus Gem
Venus Sunrise
Vicissitude Ink
Victory Emote
Victory Kitchen
Victory Revelation - Blue
Victory Revelation - Orange
Victory Revelation - Purple
Vinegar
Vino Avatar
Violet Cognigem
Violets
Virtual World Resident
Virtue Revelation - Blue
Virtue Revelation - Orange
Virtue Revelation - Purple
Vishnu's Seal
Vividly colored koi. A rare fish that can only be caught under special conditions.
Warm Welcome
Wasabi
Watcher of the City
Water Ball
Weapon
Weapon - Shield
Weapon - Spear
Weapon Device
Weapon Device G
Weapon Gift Box
Weapon Set
Weaving Fate
Welcome Emote
Well-Worn Baseball Cap
What are the true root causes of failure? The answers may surprise you!\nUnlock the secrets of success and improve your knowledge with this book!
What It Means to Fail
What to Do Emote
What? Emote
When used in the Metaverse, displays destroyable objects in the area used on the map. Can be crafted at the workbench with lust chips, retro game consoles, and activated charcoal.
When used in the Metaverse, displays destroyable objects in the area used on the map. Can be crafted at the workbench with vanity chips, retro game consoles, and red phosphorus.
When used in the Metaverse, displays rare treasure in the area used on the map. Can be crafted at the workbench with wrath chips, retro game consoles, and pearl powder.
When used in the Metaverse, increases the chance of discovering rare treasure. Can be crafted at the workbench with gluttony chips, retro game consoles, and stabilizer.
When used in the Metaverse, restores 1 ally's max HP by 14.4%.
Which One? Emote
Whiff of Iris
Whip
Whisper Emote
Whisper of the Tides
White & Orange Shoulder Bag
White Butterfly Koi
White Line Cargo Pants
White Phosphorus
White Rabbit Encounter
White Rider's Seal
White Shoulder Bag
Whoa Emote
Wild Coin L
Wild Coin S
Wild grouper. Although small, it is rich in nutrients and is considered a delicacy of the sea.
Will be updated after logging in again.
Willow Fireworks
Willowstaff
Wind Avatar
Wind Talisman
Windswept Bell
Windward Kite
Wing Fireworks
Wingbeat Coin
Winged Rebel
Wings of Faith
Winter Melon
Winter Melon Seeds
Winter Melon Tea Recipe
Winter Owls Background
Wisdom Revelation - Blue
Wisdom Revelation - Orange
Wisdom Revelation - Purple
Wish Line Course 6
Wish Line Course 7
Wish Line Course 8
Wish upon a Star
WOLF WARRIOR 03
Wonder Avatar
Wonder EXP Credit
Wonder's Thief Attire
Wonder-only melee weapon.
Words of Life Set
Words of Nature Set
Work Out Emote
Works Revelation - Blue
Works Revelation - Orange
Works Revelation - Purple
Worry Revelation - Blue
Worry Revelation - Orange
Worry Revelation - Purple
Wrath Chip
Wrath Treasure Detector
Yakisoba
Yakisoba Pan
Yaksini's Seal
Yamata-no-Orochi's Seal
Yaoling Avatar
Yaoling's Cognitite
Yaoling's Cognitite Shard
Yaoling's Invite
Yaoling's Synergy
Yaoling-only melee weapon.
Yatagarasu's Seal
Yearly Sports Pass
Yellow Character Bag
Yellow Crystal
Yellow Office Hero
Yellow Paint
Yogurt Soda
Yoshitsune's Seal
You can put it on at the closet in your bedroom.
You can put them on at the closet in your bedroom.
You can select it from the profile menu. This outfit cannot be mixed and matched.
You're a Tycoon
Youlinji Recipe
Your ability to be considerate to others. Can be increased by cleaning, caring for plants, and other activities.
Your ability to fascinate and attract others. Can be increased by going to the bathhouse, cooking, and other activities.
Your ability to get things done efficiently. Can be increased by playing games, using the workbench, and other activities.
Your ability to know, think, and understand. Can be increased by attending class, studying, and other activities.
Your ability to not flinch or be afraid. Can be increased by going to the gym, reading, and other activities.
Youth Amplifier
Yui Avatar
Yui's Cognitite
Yui's Cognitite Shard
Yui's Invite
Yui's Synergy
Yui-only melee weapon.
Yuki Avatar
Yukimi Avatar
Yukimi's Cognitite
Yukimi-only melee weapon.
Yumi Avatar
Yumi's Cognitite
Yumi's Cognitite Shard
Yumi's Synergy
Yumi-only melee weapon.
Yummy Emote
Yurlungur's Seal
Yusuke \u2665K
Yusuke Avatar
Yusuke Kitagawa
Yusuke's Cognitite
Yusuke's Cognitite Shard
Yusuke's Invite
Yusuke-only melee weapon.
Zashiki-warashi
Zoom Module
Zoshigaya Capsule Machines
Zouchouten's Seal
