Faithful servant to the master of the Velvet Room, Igor. As part of her master's orders, she acts as {NAME2}'s personal concierge to oversee the strengthening of his desire, and offers support to the Phantom Thieves from the sidelines.
Under orders from Igor, Merope is tasked with finding a way to support {NAME2} in the real world. A chance encounter leads to her arriving upon a rather unconventional solution...
As {NAME2}'s concierge, Merope must come up with an effective way to support him. She proposes a special contract, through which she hopes to better understand him.
Merope believes that harnessing multiple Personas is not unlike the many faces that idols must wear. Thus, she insists that {NAME2} must study the path of the idol.
At Merope's enthusiastic behest, {NAME2} replicates the poses of an idol. Upon doing so, Merope is convinced of his potential.
Merope invites {NAME2} out to Akihabara, the holy land of idols, under the pretense that he will be able to study idols more closely there.
Merope sees a glimmer of potential in Narumi Nashimoto, an indie idol she encounters in Akihabara, and suggests paying a visit to the concept caf\xe9 Narumi works at\u2014purely for the sake of studying idols, of course.
So {NAME2} and Merope can get the full concept caf\xe9 experience, they go and attend Narumi's photo shoot\u2014at first to study idols, but...
As Merope grows acquainted with Narumi, she learns of the corrupt producer exploiting the idols of the caf\xe9...
Merope pays another visit to Narumi's caf\xe9 and is pleased to see that the producer has had a complete change of heart. With Narumi back to her cheerful self and working happily again, she gives Merope a special gift...
Merope and {NAME2} prepare diligently for the fan appreciation event. As she observes {NAME2}'s idol cheer, something stirs within Merope...
A second-year high school student at Kokatsu Academy, and {NAME2}'s classmate. She is skilled at sports, and very popular at school. However, she tends to rely more on intuition than logic, so her grades aren't exactly the greatest.
Motoha has realized that she's not as fit as she used to be when she was playing baseball. So in order to prepare for their Phantom Thief activities, she decides to start training again, and asks {NAME2} to be her coach.
Ever since Kiuchi retired from baseball, Motoha has been neglecting her batting practice. Hoping to pull herself out of her slump, she heads to the batting cages in Yongen-Jaya.
Motoha and {NAME2} head to the sports gym in Shibuya as part of her training. As the two of them work up a sweat, Motoha mentions that she's in a better mood than before.
{NAME2} accompanies Motoha to the diner in Shibuya as she indulges herself on her cheat day, in preparation for tomorrow's training.
With some quality training under her belt, Motoha makes her return to the batting cages, where she encounters Tamayo Yoshida, an old rival from her baseball days. Tamayo challenges Motoha to a batting contest.
Motoha starts an intense training regimen at the batting cages to prepare for her match with Tamayo. She strives to not stop training until she gets the results she needs to win.
Tamayo has a word with {NAME2} at the batting cages. She tells him that she couldn't understand why Motoha quit baseball so suddenly, and challenged her to the batting contest in hopes of finding out the truth.
With Motoha forcing herself to train non-stop, {NAME2} invites her to the diner to give her a break. After calming down, she rediscovers the purpose of her training, and gains newfound determination.
Despite having no hope of victory, Motoha fights hard but is ultimately defeated in her contest with Tamayo. After witnessing her strong will and attitude at play, Tamayo finally accepts Motoha's decision to quit baseball.
Motoha invites {NAME2} out to Odaiba Seaside Park, a place full of memories for her. Finally able to move on from her contest with Tamayo, Motoha faces the future with greater ambition than ever before.
A third-year high school student at Kokatsu Academy, she is the talented and beautiful chair of the disciplinary committee. Her father owns Umetane, a corporation that operates several food businesses nationwide, and as his potential successor, she is undergoing rigorous training.
Riko invites {NAME2} out to a buffet in Shibuya, where she asks for his assistance in discovering her true self, beyond the values imposed upon her by her upbringing.
Challenging herself to do something she'd never normally do, Riko goes on a taste-testing tour of Chinatown. During her outing, she overhears a surprising conversation about her strict father.
Riko speaks of a past incident related to the conversation she overheard at Chinatown, revealing why she felt her only purpose was to meet the expectations of those around her.
Digging into her childhood for clues, Riko tries to find what it is that she truly wants to do. On the way home from a trip to the aquarium with Motoha, she is surprised to see a certain somebody.
The person she happened to see the other day was her father's former secretary, who used to show her such kindness when she was young. Harboring a mixture of doubt and regret as to why she disappeared so suddenly, Riko decides to investigate what happened all those years ago.
Riko tracks down where the former secretary currently works, and goes to meet her. It's a hospital with ties to Umetane. There, Riko meets the director of the hospital, who she knew when she was younger.
Speaking with the former secretary, Riko is able to confront the burden of needing to meet the expectations of those around her. The director of the hospital advises that Riko speak to her father herself.
Riko confesses her dream of becoming a teacher to her father. To her surprise, rather than firmly oppose her desire, he hands her a memory stick that belonged to her mother.
On the memory stick is a video message left by her mother. Riko struggles to fight back the tears as she watches it, finally understanding her parents' love for her.
Riko realizes that there was never any pressure for her to meet others' expectations. Rather than rush her decision to become a teacher or the successor of Umetane, she chooses to take her time and walk her own path.
A mysterious creature that resembles an owl and can communicate with humans. He has a calm disposition, but his antiquated vocabulary tends to confuse those around him. Nestled comfortably in {NAME2}'s bag, he is a reliable companion that offers helpful advice.
Lufel is a wealth of knowledge when it comes to the Metaverse, always giving useful advice to {NAME2}. However, he has lost part of his memory and does not know who he is. For some reason, he seems to have a powerful fixation with the concept of desire.
Lufel has the ability to transform into a car and drive {NAME2} and co. around Mementos. According to him, the concept of "animals turning into vehicles" is a cognition firmly established in Mementos, but the details are unclear.
Lufel, with his strange fixation on desire, witnesses the protagonist undergo a startling transformation...
{NAME2}, with his powers now awakened, stands with Lufel at his side. As a bond of friendship forms between them, what will fate have in store for these unlikely comrades...?
A second-year student at Kokatsu Academy from class 2-D, next to {NAME2}'s classroom. While a compassionate guy, his awkwardness and poor social skills keep him from having many friends his age, so he spends his time alone more often than not.
After his confrontation with Miyazawa, Shun sets his focus on his dream of owning his own ramen shop in the future. He begins his search for his ideal ramen flavor, and asks {NAME2} to help him find it.
In his search for the ideal flavor, Shun picks out a monjayaki shop in Tsukishima. The ramen on their side menu uses the same dashi as the monjayaki, leaving Shun deeply moved by the flavor.
Taking an interest in both the cooking and managing side of business, Shun decides to try soupless tantanmen from a takeout spot. He's impressed by all the consideration they put into ensuring it stays tasty for a long while.
While eating a special curry ramen set at a ramen shop in Ogikubo, Shun is astounded by the uncompromising effort that went into the harmony of the dish, and recalls some memories from his childhood.
Shun heads to a diner that's running a collab menu with a famous ramen shop. There, he meets prestigious food consultant Takumi Serizawa, who invites him to enter her upcoming contest to create a new ramen dish.
Shun has come up with the novel concept of a ramenburger to present at the contest. He asks {NAME2} to taste-test it, and uses his feedback to further refine it.
Shun presents his carefully perfected ramenburger to Serizawa, but unfortunately it wasn't what she was looking for. Rather than come up with an outlandish idea, she advises him to give an entry that shows what he's learned.
Having hit a brick wall trying to come up with a dish for the contest, Shun heads to Heritage Kitchen to take a break. There, he learns that Pops adjusts his fried rice based on the customer's mood, giving him a new idea for his dish...
Inspired by Heritage Kitchen's fried rice, Shun comes up with a ramen that can be customized to suit the customer, and earns Serizawa's approval to enter it in the contest.
As thanks for helping him prepare for the contest, Shun treats {NAME2} to a bowl of ramen that he made with him in mind. This is just the beginning of Shun's search for his ideal flavor...
A first-year student at Kokatsu Academy. Deeply immersed in a world of fantasy, he is the self-proclaimed "Chosen One". He claims to possess otherworldly powers, but this has left him with few friends and a life of solitude.
While paying a visit to the library, {NAME2} is approached by Kurotani, who deems him to be a fellow chosen one like himself. He explains that they are destined to protect the school from a sinister threat.
Kurotani tells {NAME2} of the Harrowed Grounds, one of the many threats that surround the school. When they go to investigate, they discover a patch of land where plants refuse to grow... only to find out it's where the local cats have been answering nature's call.
{NAME2} and Kurotani head to the Hall of Lament to investigate the source of a terrifying wail... which turns out to be a drama club student practicing her acting.
Kurotani and {NAME2} head to the school store to uncover the mystery behind the Assassin's Juice, rumored to make any student who drinks it disappear. There, they spy a student buying up the entire supply of juice, and decide to investigate his motives.
As they follow Kazuki Take, the boy who bought up all the juice, Kurotani and {NAME2} discover that he's being taken advantage of by bullies. Kurotani steps in to defend him, sending the three bullies running.
Finding a letter from a female student in his shoe locker, Kurotani asks {NAME2} to accompany him to the audiovisual room to meet her, only to be trapped inside. To his surprise, it was a prank, and the culprit was none other than Take. Why would he do such a thing?
It turns out that Take was forced by his mean friends from the other day to prank Kurotani. Kurotani tries to convince Take to cut ties with them, but he refuses to listen.
Kurotani still feels conflicted about Take standing up for his so-called friends. He opens up to {NAME2} about his own lonely past, and finds renewed ambition to save Take from those bullies.
Kurotani asks Take to lead him to his so-called friends, so he can settle this once and for all. The tense confrontation culminates with Take defending Kurotani, and bravely standing up to the bullies himself.
Thanks to Kurotani, Take's relationship with his three friends has improved tremendously. Through this experience, Kurotani was able to learn what it means to be a friend, and reaffirm his friendship with {NAME2}.
A first-year university student from Sichuan, China currently staying in an apartment in Yongen-Jaya. She's an optimistic girl who'll approach anyone with a smile, though she does have a bit of a childish side.
While at the supermarket in Yongen-Jaya, {NAME2} bumps into Yaoling Li, a cheerful exchange student from Sichuan, China. As she's still not used to life in Japan, she's quick to request his help.
It was Yaoling's parents that encouraged her to study abroad, but she's still unsure as to what she should be getting out of it. So in order to understand the purpose of her exchange, she hopes to experience as much as she can while she's here.
Yaoling heads to Jinbocho to browse the countless secondhand bookstores that line its streets. Surprised to see so few students there, she wonders if Japanese students also feel a lack of purpose in their studies.
Yaoling pays a visit to the fashion hotspot of Harajuku. Admiring how the young people express themselves through fashion, she begins to contemplate what her core values are.
Near Yongen-Jaya Station, Yaoling happens to see her neighbor, Yukimi Fujikawa, being yelled at by her mother. Yaoling feels troubled, and she wonders what she can do to help her.
Hoping to find out more about her family situation, Yaoling and {NAME2} invite Yukimi on a trip to Asakusa. Yukimi insists that "Mother knows best," which only makes Yaoling all the more concerned.
As thanks for inviting her out to Asakusa, Yukimi takes Yaoling to a traditional Japanese teahouse. Yaoling is fascinated to learn about tea ceremonies, but as cultures clash, she accidentally ends up causing trouble for the staff... and Yukimi.
Yaoling wants to make things up to Yukimi somehow. Realizing that she was only causing her more trouble, Yaoling hopes to better explain herself, and invites Yukimi out to another tea party, this time from her own culture.
Yaoling introduces Yukimi to a different tea-drinking experience, with a unique combination of teas and snacks. Through it, she conveys the importance of finding what's right for you as opposed to strictly adhering to tradition.
Through her clash and reconciliation with Yukimi, Yaoling came to understand the differences in culture between China and Japan, and the importance of bridging that gap. She hopes that {NAME2} will continue to help her as her sensei, so she can learn even more.
A second-year student at Kokatsu Academy, belonging to class 2-D. She's been friends with Motoha since elementary school, and was battery mates with her in little league, where they won countless games together.
After her dream of becoming a pro baseball player is shattered by Kiuchi, Tomoko decides to look for a part-time job that she can devote herself to. She asks {NAME2} to accompany her to her first job at a cr\xeape shop.
The next job that Tomoko decides to take on is at the beef bowl restaurant in Shibuya. With her sharp eyes honed from years of playing baseball, she catches a customer who's been causing trouble for the store red-handed.
Tomoko and the protagonist take up a part-time job at the convenience store in Shibuya. She's left feeling somewhat glum when her neighbor comes to the counter and brings up her injury, but otherwise manages to complete her shift without trouble.
While working at the drugstore in Shibuya, Tomoko and {NAME2} meet the famous figure skater, Kotone Montagne, who also suffered an injury.
{NAME2} and Tomoko take up a part-time job at an accessory store in Shinjuku. She reflects on the struggles she's faced since her injury, and worries that Kotone might be going through the same.
Tomoko and {NAME2} happen to be working at the flower shop when Kotone comes in with a difficult request. Tomoko goes above and beyond to amass all the flowers needed for Kotone's bouquet, leading to the two becoming even closer.
For their next part time job, Tomoko and {NAME2} work at the diner in Shibuya. Just as they're about to leave, they bump into Kotone, so they end up sharing a meal together, and make plans to meet up again.
The three head out to Odaiba Seaside Park, where they spend a fun-filled day together. As they're about to head home, Kotone opens up about the true reason why she hasn't returned to figure skating... Her confidence has been destroyed by hurtful comments online.
While working at the book store in Shibuya, Tomoko thinks back to her baseball days, and tries to come up with a way to help Kotone remember the fans who have supported her.
Tomoko invites Kotone to visit their school and, with the help of the brass band, surprises her with a cheer song just for her. Kotone is deeply moved, and in that moment, Tomoko feels that her days playing baseball were truly worthwhile.
A lively housewife who lives next door to {NAME2}. She was once a stylist, but retired after getting married, and feels a slight tinge of emptiness in her heart. She's known to let slip some occasional outdated slang from her youth.
Tomiyama is going to be looking after her nephew who happens to be around {NAME2}'s age. In order to better get along with him, she wants to get some insight on how kids these days think.
Tomiyama wants her nephew to send her a photo so that she can recognize him when she picks him up at the station, but is shocked to find that when she asks him for an MMS, he has no idea what she's talking about.
Tomiyama is astonished to learn that her nephew, Leo Kamiyama, never walks around with any cash on him. Thinking back to how things were when she was younger, she becomes even more painfully aware of the generation gap than before.
Tomiyama can't help but wonder if the fact that her and Leo haven't had any arguments might be a sign of distance between them. She figures she's probably needlessly worrying, but still can't keep it out of her mind.
Tomiyama wants to do something to support Leo in preparation for his audition. Seeing him pursue his dream reminds her of how she fought with her parents back when she was doing the same.
Unfortunately, Leo's audition didn't go so well, and Tomiyama's unsure of how to console him. At {NAME2}'s suggestion, she decides not to make a big fuss about it, but is she just overthinking things?
Tomiyama is still worrying over how to support Leo, and turns to {NAME2} for advice. Even she realizes that she might be interfering too much...
Tomiyama makes a careless remark that causes Leo to run away from home. She asks {NAME2} to help bring him home, and the two of them realize where they both went wrong.
After talking things through with Tomiyama, Leo has decided to move out. Through his interactions with Tomiyama and {NAME2}, he was finally able to understand what he needs to do as an actor.
Tomiyama came to understand the differences between the youths of today and her, both now at her current age and when she was young herself. She hopes that next time, she'll be able to better support people in different circumstances than her.
A mysterious avatar that {NAME2} meets in Harvest World Online. Cheerful and friendly, her somewhat refined manner of speech and eccentric behavior is rather endearing.
When {NAME2} signs in to the virtual world, he's greeted by a rather assertive player going by the name of Yui, and winds up agreeing to start a farm with her.
{NAME2} logs in to the virtual world to find that Yui has plowed the land with a giant tractor. They head to town to buy seeds and fertilizer, where another player warns {NAME2} about spending time with her.
While watering the field with a large hose, Yui opens up about her lonely experience playing the game. {NAME2} decides not to worry about it and offers to keep playing with her.
While using a bazooka to spray the field with fertilizer, Yui chats with {NAME2} about potatoes. Their conversation leads to her asking him if he'd go with her "friend" to a burger shop in Shibuya.
{NAME2} heads to the burger shop in Shibuya and meets Yui's friend, Musubi Matsukata. She seems very busy with her IT job, and talks wistfully about growing up on a farm.
{NAME2} logs in to find Yui performing a rousing cheerleading routine to the potatoes, but when they discover that their field has been attacked by potato moles, Yui is devastated and abruptly logs off.
When Yui finally returns to the game some time later, she's surprised to find that the field is thriving once again\u2014all thanks to the hard work of {NAME2}, who dealt with the moles while she was away. Now Yui's back to her enthusiastic self.
A reinvigorated Yui flies a helicopter over the field, scattering seeds to diversify their crops. As they discuss real-world plants, Yui mentions that Musubi has also expressed interest in growing plants, and asks if {NAME2} would give her some advice.
{NAME2} and Musubi head out to the flower shop in Shibuya to pick out a plant that would suit her busy lifestyle. She also explains why Yui was offline for such a long time.
{NAME2} logs in to find Yui blowing up nearby mountains. She wants to clear some land and make the place resemble Musubi's hometown. {NAME2} promises to keep supporting her.
A college student and musician. She stands at a corner of Shibuya Station Square with guitar in hand, challenging herself to put on a successful street performance. Though she may be shy and introverted, she's an incredibly talented guitar player...
Maybe it's because I joined the school's band club, but I can't help but notice the girl standing with a guitar at Shibuya Station Square. She's not playing anything, and seems to be looking for something. I glance at the small piece of paper I just picked up. It's a street performance permit, and it says her name is Ayaka Sakai. Through this chance encounter, the two of us become acquainted. It seems as though she's struggling to muster up the courage to perform in public...
When I meet Sakai again, she's finally found the courage to perform in public. She pulls it off smoothly, and her tone is clear... but it seems that she couldn't catch anyone's attention. This leaves Sakai terribly shocked.
A disheartened Sakai opens up about her past. Back in high school, she was invited by her friend to join their band. Being shy, she never imagined herself performing, but the opportunity opened her up to the world of music. Even after their band broke up, she didn't want to give up on music...
Sakai's singing voice is very pleasant, with a pure tone that moves those who listen to it. She plays a song she made with her band in high school, which remains a cherished memory for her. I think about what I can do to help her find the courage to sing in public... and come up with a few ideas.
Thinking that rhythm could be the key to help Sakai sing, I decide to meet her in Shibuya with my secret weapon: a tambourine. Amidst the hustle and bustle of the city, Sakai finally begins to sing, and many people stop to listen.
After her last performance was a success, Sakai's confidence has greatly increased. She tells me that she plans to write her own original song, one filled with feelings she wants to express...
Sakai seems to be down. Wondering if something happened, I ask her what's wrong, and with a sad look in her eyes, she proceeds to explain. She says the friend from high school who invited her to join the band told her, "You were definitely meant to be a musician, Ayaka. More than I ever was." Hearing that her friend has completely given up on the path of music has left Sakai feeling confused...
While discussing the song that Sakai is working on, she comes to realize why she was so drawn to the world of music in the first place: it allows her to boldly express emotions that she can't normally put into words herself. This is the reason why she's writing her song.
At the usual place, I finally hear Sakai's original song. Amidst the sometimes sad, sometimes tense melody, her kind and passionate emotions shine through. This song, which she wrote for the people who supported her, is sure to touch the hearts of many.
Sakai chooses to debut her new song in Shibuya, the place that marks her starting point and was where we first met. I accompany her with my specialty, the bass. This is a performance for her and me, and will be a lasting memory for the both of us.
A woman who works at an underground bar in Shibuya. Her specialty is flair bartending. Although she might appear mature at first glance, looks can be deceiving...
I met Shiina by total coincidence... If she hadn't splashed me with water, I never would have set foot in her bar or found out that minors could even go in. Her bartending skills are impressive, and she tells me that she's looking for a mocktail taste-tester, so I take her up on her offer.
For our first taste-testing session, Shiina shows off her excellent bartending skills. As we chat, she tells me how she came to be a bartender. She had come to the bar to drink her sorrows away, but she was so amazed by the owner's bartending skills that she wanted to share that amazement with other people. She felt embarrassed talking about it, but it truly is a wonderful dream.
During one of her shifts, Shiina performs a flair bartending routine that incorporates dance movements for a customer. That's when I learn that Shiina previously studied dance and participated in numerous competitions... though she avoids mentioning why it is that she quit.
As I get to know Shiina better, she teaches me more of her bartending techniques. She even encourages me to try putting my own spin on recipes if I have any ideas.
One of the customer's remarks reminded Shiina about her past. Seeing her a bit down, I try mixing her a special drink, just like she taught me. Comforted by the drink, she opens up about what's on her mind\u2014she wishes she could have become a dancer. Shiina says she just wanted to be able to enjoy doing what she liked, but in reality, it's not that easy...
The bar owner left an application for a flair bartending contest for Shiina, but she feels conflicted about whether or not to sign up. Shiina takes this opportunity to finally open up about her past. She ultimately gave up dancing because somebody kept coming to her dancing competitions to criticize her every mistake, until she couldn't take it any longer. This is why she fears competing to this day. After telling her story, she feels a little better, but her desire still lingers...
While talking with Shiina about her latest mocktail, the man who harassed her in the past shows up at the bar and starts criticizing her bartending. I help chase him off, but if we don't do something about him, Shiina's desires will be stolen again. I won't let that happen a second time.
After successfully changing his heart, the man apologizes for his actions. Shiina seems to realize that I had something to do with it, but decides not to press me on it. With her desire restored, Shiina regains the courage to face the world once more. Perhaps she'll even be able to enjoy doing what she loves again.
Having decided to participate in the flair bartending contest, Shiina starts practicing her drink-mixing. The contest involves making an original cocktail, but she gets a bit carried away and winds up getting herself drunk... But hey, at least she's happy again.
The competition is over. Unfortunately, Shiina didn't win... but she's not upset about it in the slightest. She excitedly tells me about everything she gained from the experience. Shiina makes me a non-alcoholic version of the cocktail she presented at the contest, and it was apparently inspired by me... It won't be for another few years, but I can't wait to try the real thing once I'm an adult.
Thief Details
Info 1
Info 2
Info 3
Info 4
Info 5
Info 6
Info 7
Info 8
Info 9
Info 10
Info 10