=== describe ===
A young thief battled against a masked adversary in what appeared to be a casino. The person beneath the mask looks just like...
I need to fill out my career questionnaire, but I have no clue what to write...
I had this strange dream where I met an old man called Igor and a woman called Merope... But was it really just a dream...?
People's desires seem to be fading all at once... Something strange is happening to the world.
Finding myself suddenly lost in the Metaverse, I was attacked by a terrifying shadow... Just as I was about to meet my fate, I heard a voice...
Upon revisiting the Velvet Room, Igor and Merope warned me that a terrible future of ruin awaited.
I happened to run into my neighbor, Kayo Tomiyama, who's friends with my mom. She... certainly likes to talk...
On the way to school, I found a train pass with a baseball mitt keychain attached to it. I need to return it to its owner.
Motoha Arai, the girl who sits in front of me in class, told me about the popular site, Divine Justice, and its administrator, Magatsukami.
In class, I met up with Tomoko Noge, the girl whose train pass I found. It turns out she's best friends with Motoha.
Up on the school rooftop, Lufel explained to me about the Metaverse and shadows. It seems that he has something he wishes to ask me.
At Shibuya Station, I witnessed the misdeeds of the Subway Slammer, Takeyuki Kiuchi. It seems that in order to stop him, I must become a Phantom Thief and delve into the Metaverse...
In Mementos, we discovered a red vortex. According to Lufel, it's the entrance to a palace.
Apparently Motoha and Kiuchi have a troubled past. Motoha believed that it's her fault he retired from baseball.
During the confrontation with Kiuchi's shadow, Motoha freed herself from burden of her past, and found the will to fight. At that moment, something changed within her...
When Lufel explained to Motoha about the Phantom Thieves and their plan to change Kiuchi's heart, she agreed to join us without hesitation.
In the palace, we saw a video of Kiuchi's past. Motoha thought that she had injured Kiuchi, but the truth paints a different picture...
Having secured the route to the Treasure, we prepared ourselves for the upcoming battle. The time has come to send our first calling card.
Kiuchi's shadow awaited us in the depths of his palace. Will Motoha be able to settle her past with Kiuchi once and for all?
We headed to Victory Kitchen in Shinjuku to celebrate our victory over ramen, but Motoha couldn't help but feel there's something different about the taste.
Seeing Kiuchi's arrest on the news, we became all the more determined to carry on with our Phantom Thief activities.
Celebrity food critic Hiromu Miyazawa is plotting to claim the management rights to Victory Kitchen, but it seems like there's someone else pulling the strings.
In order to locate the next palace, we delved back into Mementos, and noticed that some changes had occurred since we claimed Kiuchi's treasure...
Shun Kano introduced us to the ramen of Heritage Kitchen, and Motoha immediately noticed that it had the taste she remembers. Though it seems that Miyazawa plans to get his hands on this restaurant, as well...
Lufel is certain that Miyazawa must be a Palace ruler, so we decided to make him our next target.
We found a poster inside Miyazawa's palace featuring Shun. It seems that the upcoming Food Fight is all part of Miyazawa's scheme...
Inside the palace, we found ourselves cornered by Miyazawa's shadow. At that moment, a new power awakened within Shun...
The Phantom Thieves commenced our exploration of Miyazawa's palace along with our newest member, Shun. First we'll need to secure a route to the Treasure.
With our calling card sent to Miyazawa, all the preparations are in order. It's only a matter of time before the big showdown...
Miyazawa's desires had been distorted from his failure to become the true professional he always aspired to be. Left dejected from his defeat, Miyazawa is approached by Shun...
After our showdown against Miyazawa's shadow, we made our return to the real world, when something unexpected happens...
Miyazawa held a press conference where he confessed to his crimes. The results of his change of heart were even greater than we expected.
The academic coordinator introduced the rest of the faculty to Kei Akashi, a new teacher. He appears mild-mannered, although he seems to have something planned involving Ms. Katayama...
A Shadow that was defeated once before has suddenly appeared again. What is going on here?
Who was that person running around late at night?
Riko-senpai formally introduced everyone to Kei Akashi, the new teacher. He gave a good first impression, but Ms. Katayama seems to hold a different opinion of him...
Ms. Katayama has been condemned as a Menace, but there must be more to this than meets the eye...
Impossible... That crazy delivery cyclist was Ms. Katayama all along!?
Lufel told us it was possible that Ms. Katayama may have a Palace. Shun was doubtful at first, but it turns out Lufel was right.
Within the dam-like Palace, the Phantom Thieves encounter a suspicious figure. Motoha thinks they bear a striking resemblance to Kei Akashi...
Pops Yamagoshi and Masa told us about Ms. Katayama's past. It's like they're describing a completely different person...
Ms. Katayama has been suspended. This was a completely unexpected development, and we think Akashi must be behind it. We set off to investigate him, but then Riko-senpai showed up...
Riko tells us about Ms. Katayama's strange behavior, and it seems that Akashi is somehow behind it all. We're going to work together to get to the bottom of this.
Riko comes to the Palace with us, and Lufel recognizes her potential as a Phantom Thief.
Continuing deeper into the Palace, we found a projector. It showed us the history of Ms. Katayama and Riko-senpai...
Riko-senpai faces her true self, and the winds of fate begin to blow...
Riko was able to open up about her true feelings to Ms. Katayama, which seemed to spur her on...
We returned to Mementos with Riko, and decided on her new code name.
Akashi makes his entrance, and Ms. Katayama is forced into a fierce battle with us...
Riko said she could help lay a trap for Akashi, but just needs a little time to get things ready.
In order to help Ms. Katayama, Riko sets her plan into motion.
Riko proposed a strategy that would not require anyone to be sacrificed, but there seemed to be a flaw in the plan...
The Palace reopens, and we unexpectedly meet Yamanashi's shadow.
We saw Akashi's past in the Palace. Despite what happened to him, it does not absolve him of his crimes.
We learned about Akashi's past. Now we leave it to Riko to come up with our next move.
I keep having the same dream. What could it mean?
A puzzle rally is being held at Shibuya Station Square, and a young girl and I notice an error in one of the puzzles.
Haruna Nishimori has been offered early acceptance to a university in the US, and as a token of her gratitude for the puzzle rally, she sent me a riddle.
While exploring the underground shopping district with Haruna Nishimori and her friends, we unexpectedly ran into her old playmate.
Shota is upset that his old playmate Haruna is going away to college in the US. It seems like he misses playing with her.
Haruna gave me a puzzle and asked me to deliver it to Shota. Shota and I explored the city solving all of Haruna's puzzles until we reached the end.
I met a girl named Minami who was looking after some kids in the neighborhood. She seemed to have her hands full, so I offered to lend her a hand.
Minami has been looking after the children to help out the people of the neighborhood.
Minami has a dream to become a nurse, but seems reluctant to tell her father about it.
Minami wants to pursue her dream, but she's worried about her family's shop... She decides to open up to her father about her ambitions.
Minami and her father are finally able to speak openly to one another, and at last, the unease in her heart has faded away.
Motoha realized just how fixated she had been on competing with Tamayo. Having remembered her original reason to stay in shape, the weight is lifted off her shoulders.
Although Motoha was defeated in her contest against Tamayo, she seems relieved, having come to terms with her current self.
Motoha has become all the more determined to work hard as part of the Phantom Thieves, for the sake of her and everybody's future.
I happened to meet a vivacious older lady in Shinjuku, and she helped me out when I was getting harassed by some drunk guy...
It turns out Chizuko's granddaughter is the girl I saw jump off a rooftop... She's concerned about how to help her granddaughter recover after the incident.
It seems that Merope is particularly intrigued by the concept of idols...
Merope insisted that there is much to be learned from idols, as they, too, must wear many masks.
Merope explained the necessity of idol poses to me, and seemed quite pleased when I pulled them off...
I went with Merope to Akihabara, where she met her new favorite idol, Narumi Nashimoto.
Merope took me to the concept caf\xe9 that Narumi works at. As Merope made her order, I could tell she had done her research...
Yaoling felt bad about potentially hurting Yukimi's feelings, and planned to invite her out to tea again to make up with her.
Merope noticed some disruptive fans at Narumi's photo session and stood up to them for her favorite idol.
Narumi's caf\xe9 is being run by a corrupt producer. We'll make him pay for exploiting these idols.
Having successfully changed the corrupt producer's heart, peace has been restored to the concept caf\xe9. Narumi gave us a special ticket to her event as thanks for our support.
In order to prepare for Narumi's fan appreciation event, I practiced my cheering with Merope.
After joining the Phantom Thieves, Motoha felt that she needed to build up her strength, and asked me to be her fitness coach.
I went to the batting cages with Motoha, but she wasn't able to swing like she used to...
Motoha and I decided to hit the gym. Working out with the dumbbells was tougher than I thought.
It seems that Kotone's traumatic past has her reluctant to return to competing. Tomoko wonders what she can do to help her out.
Tomoko thought back to her baseball days, and came up with an idea to encourage Kotone with a cheer song.
Kotone was overjoyed by the cheer song. Seeing her motivated helped regain Tomoko's confidence and find hope for the future.
Rest is an essential part of training, so Motoha and I enjoyed eating to our hearts' content at the diner.
Motoha and I returned to the batting cages, but she still hasn't reached her former glory. There, we met Tamayo Yoshida, who considers Motoha her rival.
Determined not to lose to Tamayo, Motoha trained non-stop at the batting cages, but it seemed like her precision was getting worse...
Tamayo explained to me about her admiration for Motoha, and insisted that Motoha hasn't lost her passion for baseball.
I met an exchange student from China called Yaoling, who was having some difficulties with buying veggies at the supermarket
Puzzled by various aspects of life in Japan, Yaoling asked me to be her "sensei."
Yaoling and I browsed the stores of Jinbocho, and she found many things that took her fancy.
Yaoling and I headed to the cultural hub of Harajuku. She was amazed by everything there from fashion to food.
At the tea party, Yaoling expressed her honest feelings to Yukimi, and the two of them were able to come to an understanding.
Yaoling had long been wondering what was the purpose of her exchange in Japan, but it seems that she finally found her answer.
Yaoling and I happened to see her neighbor, Yukimi Fujikawa, being berated by her mother. Yukimi looked pretty upset...
Yaoling and I invited Yukimi on a trip to Asakusa to cheer up Yukimi, We all had a great time, and Yukimi said she wanted to return the favor.
Yaoling made a difficult request to the staff at Yukimi's favorite restaurant, and struggled to understand Yukimi's perspective.
Tomoko decided to take up part-time jobs in order to find a new goal for the future. I lent her a hand by working at the cr\xeape shop with her.
Tomoko and I worked a shift at the beef bowl restaurant, and managed to catch a customer who was trying to cause trouble.
Tomoko and I took up a job at a convenience store. No matter the task, she always devotes herself to the job at hand.
While working a shift at the drugstore, Tomoko and I met the famous figure skater, Kotone Montagne.
While working part-time at an accessory shop, Tomoko opened up to me about her anxieties.
Tomoko and I were working at a flower shop, when we happened to see Kotone again. She had come to buy a bouquet for her coach.
After finishing up a shift at the diner, we bumped into Kotone again, and the three of us decided to share a big bowl of pasta together.
Tomiyama came to me for advice on how to interact with young people, and I agreed to help her out.
Tomiyama is shocked to discover that her lingo is out of date...
Tomiyama prefers to pay by cash, and just can't seem to understand cashless payments.
Tomiyama's nephew, Leo Kamiyama, is training to become a costumed stuntman.
Tomiyama is thinking of making him a special bento to encourage Leo for his upcoming audition.
Leo unfortunately failed the audition. He seemed uncertain of how he was meant to perform...
Tomiyama wants to cheer Leo up, but she's at a loss for what to do.
Tomiyama told me that Leo ran away from home. In order to help both of them out, I have to go and talk to Leo...
Tomiyama and Leo were finally able to open up to one another. After talking things through, Leo has decided to move out and live by himself.
Through looking after Leo, Tomiyama learned a lot about herself. Now she's better prepared for the next time she meets a young person in need.
Shun told me of his plans for the future, and asked me to join him on his quest to find his ideal flavor, by touring the local ramen shops.
Shun and I tried a secret menu item at a monjayaki restaurant. The taste was greater than he imagined...
A takeout spot's soupless tantanmen has caught Shun's eye. When we order it, he's impressed by all the care the shop put into its preparation.
Shun and I tried what appeared to be ordinary curry ramen at first glance, but led to him reminiscing about his childhood.
Takumi Serizawa, a notable food consultant, approaches Shun. Having seen the Food Fight, Serizawa proposes a new opportunity.
Shun comes up with the ramenburger for the gourmet competition. Well, it certainly is innovative...
Serizawa asked for innovation, but the ramenburger doesn't fit the bill.
Shun is in high spirits as we visit the familiar Heritage Kitchen. Our orders of fried rice come with a helpful clue.
Shun creates a ramen that can be enjoyed by one and all. His way of thinking seems to have Serizawa impressed.
Shun successfully earns a spot in the competition, but in his quest to find the perfect flavor, his journey still continues.
While playing the declining Harvest World Online, I met a girl with deep pockets named Yui.
Yui quickly turned the wild fields into prime farmland. After some discussion, the two decided to plant potatoes.
While tending to the field, Yui begins to open up. She seems to have a lot on her mind.
I made a promise to meet Yui's "friend" in person.
I went to eat burgers with Yui's friend, and learned about her life.
The potato field was ravaged by virtual pests. Devastated by the sight, Yui logged out then and there.
Yui found that I had resolved the pest problem and saved the potato plants. This seemed to raise her spirits and encourage her to keep doing her best.
Yui is energetically plowing the field. She seems to be back to her old self.
I went shopping with Yui's friend Musubi Matsukata. With a love for gardening, she picks up a potted basil plant.
The change of heart was successful, and the man came by to personally apologize to Shiina. She was surprised, and wonders how I did it...
With her confidence restored, Shiina gets to work practicing cocktail mixing for the competition. Eventually, after she's had a few too many, she opens up to me...
Although Shiina didn't win the competition in the end, she gained a lot from the experience. In particular, the memories we made together...
Yui seems to be free of her worries. She has found a new goal for herself in the virtual world.
In the school library, I met a strange boy who calls himself the chosen one.
Kiyoshi Kurotani discovered a piece of land at school where plants can't grow, and we decided to investigate the secrets of these harrowed grounds together.
The eerie sound of a woman's crying echoes through the dark of a certain school hallway. What kind of secrets are hidden in this hall of lament?
There's a mysterious juice that is always out of stock, but no one alive has ever bought. Could there be an assassin in our midst?
Through the chosen one's efforts, the truth behind the Assassin's Juice is about to be revealed. Will he have to unleash his secret power against the forces of evil?
An AV room that devours students, a letter hidden in a shoe locker... Is it a love confession, or does the sender have more sinister intentions in mind?
When a hero tries to save the day, what happens when people don't want to be saved? Life isn't easy, even for the chosen ones...
The wind howls fiercely, as the time to toughen up and face our fears has come. Now face the storm and let your heart scream out!
Charge head-on into friendship without fearing the consequences.
Gather your courage and follow your heart! After all, we're the chosen ones!
While passing by a bar in Shibuya, I met a young woman who works there. But then I was caught in a "sudden downpour"...
In order to help more people enjoy the world of cocktails, Shiina has been practicing some non-alcoholic varieties. She says I'm her favorite customer...
Somehow, my conversation with Shiina turned to the topic of her university days...
As I've been visiting the bar more often, I've been getting closer to Shiina and learning more about the art of bartending...
A passing comment by a customer seems to have awakened memories of the past for Shiina. I cheered her up by making her a cocktail...
The manager passed along an application for a flair bartending contest to Shiina, but she seems troubled by something...
At the bar, Shiina encounters the man who once shattered her confidence and stole her desires. But this time, she won't let him win!
As I was passing through Shibuya Station Square, I noticed a girl who was standing there just holding a guitar... Why wasn't she playing it?
The first time I heard Ayaka Sakai play the guitar, I was blown away by the quality of her sound. Even more surprising was the lack of reaction from anyone else passing by... But then, a girl approached...
Ayaka seems to be feeling poorly, and confided her worries in me... The girl we met before was one of her former bandmates from high school, but they went their separate ways...
When we're alone together, Ayaka finally works up the courage to sing for the first time while she plays guitar. She has a beautiful voice, and I want to help her overcome her lack of confidence...
To help Ayaka with her street performance, I revealed my secret weapon - a tambourine! Our duet concert was a success.
Ayaka is feeling more confident and decided to write a new song. She seems to have been inspired by our time together and was able to put her feelings into words and music. I hope she can continue to shine.
When I met up with Ayaka this time, she seemed to be feeling down again. She told me her former bandmate has now given up on music altogether. Is there anything I can do to cheer Ayaka up?
At a small concert in Inokashira Park, Ayaka talked about her progress with her songwriting, her happy memories of the past, and... her feelings for me. How should I respond?
Ayaka played her new song for me, which is still a work in progress. The melody conveys gentle, yet intense, emotions that sway the heart...
The new song received an overwhelmingly positive response. The songwriting process helped Ayaka rediscover why she makes music in the first place. She's going to continue pursuing her dreams, and the journey will never end...
I met a girl performing a puppet show in Shinjuku. When the police were talking to her, she seemed to be deliberately hiding her identity...
Miyu got into some trouble during a performance in Shinjuku, but I called the police and they chased the troublemakers off. Miyu expressed her gratitude, and promised she will tell me more when the opportunity arises.
Miyu has moved her performances to Kichijoji now. I met with her at a restaurant, where she told me about her dream of becoming a puppeteer, and her conflict with her parents...
Miyu's performance in Kichijoji was a success. As she told the story of the Little Mermaid, she earnestly expressed the mermaid's desire to stand on her own two feet...
During Miyu's street performance, I was able to prevent an incident from a man in black who had been interrupting her performances countless times before. She was grateful for my protection and said she'd call me her "Big Bro" from now on.
Miyu started her performance in Kichijoji once again, but the mysterious man in black tried to get in the way once again. She thinks she may have an idea who he is...
The man in black forcibly took Miyu's belongings and broke her puppets. She realizes that he was sent by her parents, and feels deeply saddened by that...
Miyu invited me to visit all kinds of different places with her. At the aquarium, she opened up about her insecurities, and said very earnestly that I've helped her find new strength. How should I respond...?
The Street Artist Festival was canceled by Miyu's parents. Feeling personally responsible, a dejected Miyu decided to give up on her dream and return home to face her parents directly. I need to do something to fix their distorted desires...
I was able to change the hearts of Miyu's parents, and the Street Artist Festival went on as planned. No longer feeling like she was lost and adrift, Miyu decided to stop using her stage name "Jellie" and will perform with her real name now. She thanked me for helping her stand on her own two feet.
An abnormality with the Metaverse Navigator sent the Phantom Thieves to a strange castle.
As they continued in a daze, the Phantom Thieves faced an unexpected encounter.
The Phantom Thieves encountered two unknown Thieves, Mona and Skull, and established an alliance with them.\nThey don't recall anything good about the place.
The Phantom Thieves continued feeling their way forward in search of the Core.\nThe interior of the castle could hardly be described as being in good taste.
The Phantom Thieves fought their way to the underground prison.\nThere, they came across a lost teammate confined to a cell.
I met a strange man dressed as a doctor at the arcade in Shibuya. He seems to be pretty good at shooting games, and I think he might be able to help me hone my own gaming skills...
When he's in the gaming zone, Kitazato's personality seems to undergo a frightening transformation... He's now asked me to help him with some kind of experiment, but I have no idea what that could mean...
Kitazato explained his reasoning to me. He has noticed that many of his patients seem to be losing their desire to live, and to test out his hypothesis, he has been observing the reactions of his opponents in the shooting game. He seems to detect something special in me...
Kitazato may have impressive medical knowledge, but his social skills seem a bit lacking... Despite the efforts of his doting older sister, he's never learned how to interact with women...
We encountered a couple of problem customers at the arcade, and challenged them to a shooting game match. After a hard-won victory, the other patrons were inspired, and found the courage to chase the troublemakers out.
Kitazato unexpectedly told me he was cancelling his experiment. When I pressed him for more info, he said that one of his patients had chosen to opt out of surgery, despite the potential for a cure. The patient's decision shocked him...
Kitazato told the patient about his past and his reasons for becoming a doctor. He once had a young patient who, despite their strong will to survive, unfortunately passed away. The patient was moved by Kitazato's desire to save lives while there is still hope...
After changing the heart of Kitazato's mentor, his surgery plan was approved and he was given the go-ahead to operate. He's not sure what caused the sudden change, but he gladly accepted the opportunity...
As the scheduled operation draws nearer, Kitazato seems to be feeling nervous. I need to help him put aside his doubts, so that he doesn't betray his patient's hard-earned trust...
The Metaverse Navigator started malfunctioning again, and we were whisked away to some unknown location.
I had a chance encounter with Masaki Ashiya, a senior from Kokatsu Academy, at the flower shop. He seems very kind, and a bit more sociable than I expected...
Ashiya-senpai treated me to some high-quality sushi, but considering we just met, a gift like this seems a bit much...
Ashiya-senpai seems to have noticed how awkward his gifts make me feel, and to make it up to me, he gave me... an even more awkward gift...
I worked a part-time job with Ashiya-senpai, and saw his keen skills of observation. Even when dealing with complaints, he has an unshakeable resolve...
Ashiya-senpai was in a panic after hearing his mother was injured in an accident. In the end, it turned out to be a false alarm... but I feel like this experience brought us a little closer together.
As we've gotten closer, Ashiya-senpai has become more caring and attentive. He even took care of me when I was feeling under the weather...
As he continues to worry about others, Ashiya-senpai starts to realize he may have a habit of being overprotective...
A city appeared before us in the desert, and as we discussed what to do, we heard a girl's voice calling out for help...
The girl we helped out introduced herself as Oracle, another one of Joker's Phantom Thief allies.
Inside the massive pyramid, we were reunited with Queen, Fox, Panther, and Skull.
Oracle explained that the snake, rooster and pig recognized three kinds of poison: Greed, Hatred, and Envy, respectively.
As soon as we got the Core, we were immediately transported to someplace new. This time it's some sort of factory filled with machinery. And once again, we heard a voice...
How can we understand this "dance of love"? Perhaps we could try going on a date to the amusement park...
Kotone couldn't understand the theme of the choreography at all, and her coach wasn't too happy with her... She came to me for some advice.
Even if I don't mean it, Kotone wants to hear me say the words "I love you..."
Kotone took me with her as she danced on the ice, and we talked about her many worries. However, she was glad that her dance caught my eye...
Apparently rumors have started that Kotone and I are dating, and she's been feeling a bit flustered...
I told Kotone her performance was beautiful, but she doesn't seem satisfied with that answer. Was there something more she wanted to hear?
Kotone was floored when Coach Kuroe decided to retire, but I was there to help her get back up...
I accompanied Kotone to a clothing store so we could get some ideas for her competition outfit, and discuss some other important matters. Afterwards, she confessed what "love" means to her...
Kotone was able to remain calm and professional in front of the mass media. The reporter who had secretly photographed us before changed their tune after seeing Kotone's dance, and hearing some words from her coach...
Filled with love for everyone, Kotone gave her greatest performance yet during practice...
The operation was a success, the patient's hope for life was restored, and Kitazato's mentor recognized his ability. Afterwards, I promised to continue supporting Kitazato's work, and everything seems to be going well...
In an area called the Training Hall of Love, the Phantom Thieves witnessed the unfair treatment of a cognitive being.
Ashiya-senpai reflected on what happened last time, and told me about his past...
A little help was enough for the flowers to bloom on their own.
Over time, Ashiya-senpai and I have become true friends. Finally, he has gathered his courage and asked me what he's wanted to say all along: "Want to come over to my house?"
With Joker's return, all allies have finally assembled.\nThe Phantom Thieves set out once more in pursuit of the Core.
The Phantom Thieves have finally arrived at the heart of the castle.\nCan they successfully steal the Core?
It feels like I just infiltrated a Palace.\nWhile caught up in my thoughts, I stick my hands in my pockets and...
We've wound up in a mysterious area again. I wonder if our old friends could be here as well.
We met a guy named Fox. He's an interesting person, and gets along very well with Shun.
Fox looks back on his past, and even though it's over, the wounds in his heart may still take time to heal.
We ran into Mona and Skull again. It feels like no matter where we go, their presence eases the tension.
Something's off... We got the Core, so why isn't the Palace collapsing?
Looking at the towering Palace in the distance, Mona says it feels somewhat nostalgic. With no other choice, we decided to go and check it out...
Ahead there was a building resembling a bank, and Fox and Panther recalled past events. While they were talking, Motoha appeared with a new ally named Queen.
Seeing the familiar place reminded Skull and the others of the time they first met Queen.
I enjoyed hearing everyone talk about what they'd do if they were rich... I hope their dreams come true.
We made it to the underground vault and met up with Joker. All that's left now is to get that Core!
We successfully took the Core, and now it's time to say our goodbyes once more. But I'm sure we'll meet again eventually...
I'm headed to the beach with my friends! We're going to enjoy this trip to the fullest.
The water gun fight seems like a pretty exciting event.
It's our destiny as Phantom Thieves to eradicate the influence of the Metaverse.
It's finally time to meet up with Joker again. How is he going to make his entrance this time?
We came across a lot of damaged and broken robots, and it's probably an accurate reflection of the state of the company's employees in the real world. The realization brings back some painful memories for Noir...
While we were talking about Big Bang Burger, Motoha realized that this chain doesn't seem to exist in our world...
A Palace in outer space? I didn't realize that was even possible...
The Core has been acquired! Time to make our exit!
Just one taste of shaved ice brings back those happy summer memories. No trip to the beach would be complete without it!
Our trip will be over before we know it... We made a lot of great memories here.
=== name ===
Disquieting Nightmare
A Directionless Future
Fate's Beginning
The World's Anomaly
Another Self
Advice
Neighbors
Lost Items
Divine Justice
Reunion
On the Rooftop
Target
Palace Entrance
Motoha's Past
Decisive Departure
A New Teammate
Kiuchi's Past
The First Calling Card
The End and the Beginning
A Corrupted Flavor
Start of a Thief's Journey
Katana Tounge's Other Side
New Areas
Authentic Taste
The Second Target
Miyazawa's Palace Infiltration
Proud Outlaw
Miyazawa's Palace Exploration
The Second Calling Card
Real and Fake
After the Battle
Confession of Sins
Decoy
Reappearing Shadow
Night Runner
First Impressions
Teacher to Menace
The Cyclist's Identity
Unlikely Palace Ruler
Palace Suspect
Untold Past
Unacceptable News
Slithering in the Shadows
Unmistakable Identity
Two Fates Intertwined
Face Your True Self
True Feelings
Wind Is Your Name
Inescapable Battle
The Calm Before Judgement
A Dash of Discipline
Operation No Casualties
Academic Coordinator's Shadow
Drama of Light and Darkness
The Strategist's Next Move
Tragedy Bound
Chapter 1
Chapter 2
Chapter 3
Chapter 4
Chapter 5
Chapter 8
Chapter 9
Chapter 10
Chapter 6
Chapter 7
Secret
Steps to a New Beginning
Dance with Me
The Chosen One?
The Harrowed Grounds
The Hall of Lament
The Assassin's Juice: Part 1
The Assassin's Juice: Part 2
The Evil AV Room
The Price of Crime and Vigilantism
The "Whatever, I Give Up" Incident
The Cry of a True Hero
The Chosen One!
Unexpected "Downpour"
A Non-Alcoholic Cocktail
Tale from the Past
Sweeter than Sweet
Fun Things
You're Your Own Worst Enemy
Nightmare
Name on the License
Strumming in Shibuya
Memories of Friends
The Voice of an Angel
The Best Secret Weapon
Creative Inspiration
Carrying Dreams
In Love
Full of Emotion
Many Ways to Grow
Puppets and Police
Trouble Comes Knocking
Runaway Dreams
My Own Two Feet
Interrupting Stalker
Unrelenting Shadow
Shattered Dreams
Your Answer
Hell-Bent Parents
Walk with Me
Eerie Castle
An Unexpected Encounter
Run
Tasteless Castle
Prison Break
One-Shot Kill
Dangerous Contract
Testing Life and Death
Surprisingly Different
Time to Settle This
Giving Up Halfway?
Holding On to Hope
Surgeon
Accept or Cancel?
D\xe9j\xe0 Vu
Flowers and Meetings
Flowers and Fields
Flowers and Bees
Flowers and Thorns
Flowers and Frost
Flowers and Midsummer
Flowers and Dew
Scorching Desert Road
Bespectacled Girl and Shadows
Pyramid Reunion
Wall Mural Mystery
Spaceport and Friends
Amusement Park Romance
What is Love?
Say "I Love You"
Dance Pair
Unexpected Flutterings
Unspoken Expectations
You By My Side
Love Takes Courage
A Better Tomorrow
Love Is Forever
A Big Success
For Friends
Flowers and Awakening
Flowers and Growth
Flowers and Family
Thieves' Alliance
It's Ours!
The Usual Place
Swept into the Unknown
The Chef and the Great Artist
Unforgettable Past
Reunion of Noise and Laughter
The Palace Still Stands
A Familiar Palace
A Bank and a New Friend
Brave Knight
Dreams of Money
Breaking into the Vault
Until We Meet Again
Summer! Sea!
Ready, Aim, Fire!
Beach! Metaverse!
My Name Is Beauty Thief
Phantom Thieves of Desire?
Intersecting Dimensions
Unknown Outer Space
Escape from the Spaceport
Refreshing Shaved Ice!
Summer Finale!