=== desc ===
I am Merope, your concierge. Please remember me from now on.
The Velvet Room exists between dreams and reality, mind and matter. I am merely a servant of its master.
In order to avoid the impending ruin, I will assist you in strengthening your desires.
Our relationship...? I am to devise a special contract for you to fulfill. Are you seeking a different kind of relationship?
My upper body strength...? It wouldn't be difficult to demonstrate, but I'll leave it to your imagination.
Please be aware that I cannot provide any more information about my master than what you currently know.
A rising idol with a knack for character creation, meeting her was truly a blessing. Please look forward to the next special contract I prepare for you.
I'm Motoha Arai. My codename is Closer. Nice to meet you again!
Me? Hmmm... I guess I tend to follow my gut. But maybe that also means I might not be great at thinking things through. Ahaha...
I need to get back in shape for running around in the Metaverse. But I worked pretty hard today, so I can have just one cr\xeape, right? That's fine, right?
If I hadn't met you, I might've been stuck in the past forever. Thank you again. Let's keep doing our best together!
Only the Phantom Thieves can change the hearts of people with twisted desires, right? I'll do my best. I want to help the people who've been hurt like Tomoko was.
I've gotten used to him and all, but I still don't really understand where Lufel came from. Why would the Metaverse have owls?
Tomoko is my closest friend. We've been battery mates since little league, and she's always there for me whenever I'm having a hard time. I want to be there for her forever too. We're not just friends, we're besties!
My name is Lufel. Codename: Cattle. Remember it.
Sorry, but I don't make a habit of talking about myself. What? Don't look so sad! I'll tell you someday.
My memory is currently incomplete. I understand the way to regain it is to steal the distorted desires, otherwise known as Treasure, from Palace rulers.
We are business partners working together as members of the Phantom Thieves. Hoohoo, you know, your bag is quite comfortable by the way.
The Phantom Thieves of desires... I have entrusted you with the role of leader while I focus on my own objectives.
Clinging to past glories, blaming others for his fallen circumstances, and continually oppressing the weak with his twisted lust. If he continues to go unchecked, more victims will certainly emerge. He is a perfect candidate for the Phantom Thieves' first target.
It was a pleasant surprise to discover another Persona-user besides us. Although her somewhat loud personality may not be a perfect fit for our covert operations, she is certainly a valuable asset in battle.
Shun Kano. But around here, you can call me Soy.
Am I... hard to approach? I guess I feel that way now and then. It's not that I hate talkin' to people or anything, though.
I believe in pursuing the perfect flavor. That's how it's always been, and it won't change anytime soon.
Come to think of it, before I became a phantom thief, I saw you a few times on the rooftop. Didn't look like you were there to eat... What were you doing up there?
I never thought I'd be a phantom thief. If Pops knew, he'd flip.
I mean, he's a talking owl... Of course I was surprised. But I see him as a fellow phantom thief now. Guess he can be a bit uppity at times, though.
Huh? That came outta nowhere... She's not aimin' to be a chef, but she's still got a pretty darn impressive sense of taste. And, y'know... She's a lot more personable and friendly than me.
Kiyoshi Kurotani. Codename: Key. It's not "Ki" like Kiyoshi, it's "Key" as in "lock and key," okay?
What makes me the chosen one? You've met me, isn't it obvious?
It's not a question of "can" I do it, it's a question of "will" I.
Seeing as we are fellow chosen ones, feel free to consult with me about anything, okay?
Someday, my life's tale may become a book that's passed down through generations... I live every day with that possibility in mind.
When it comes to Take-kun, I just can't turn a blind eye...
My name's Yaoling Li! I'm from Sichuan, China. Nice to meet you!
I'm still not great at Japanese... I'm always making tons of mistakes. Just be patient with me, okay? Xi\xe8xi\xe8!
I could've just kept studying back home in China, but my mom and dad thought it'd be better for me to study abroad... I'm still trying to understand why they wanted me to come here, but they must have had their reasons.
The whole thing that "people from Sichuan love spicy food" is just a stereotype, you know! But... I do think Japanese food could be better with a little spice.
Sensei, you've not only been my guide around Tokyo, but you've also helped me understand what studying abroad is all about... You're not just my Tokyo tour guide, you're like an "entire life" guide!
Yukimi-san seems like she's really been held back by always following the rules, like she can't express herself... Me, on the other hand, I just do whatever I want... Eh, maybe "I'm free-spirited" sounds better?
Are you interested in Chinese tea, Sensei? If you've got some time, I can teach you! Hehe, this time it's my turn to be your Sensei, huh?
I'm Tomoko Noge. Nice to meet you.
Talent? I don't think I have anything I'm really good at. Sometimes I worry about how I should live my life without baseball.
Giving up baseball was tough, but it might have given me a chance to find myself. Don't worry, I won't give up searching!
I used to be a catcher. Huh? I don't look like one?
Isn't it fun working lots of part-time jobs together? Thanks for always giving me advice. I'm counting on you!
Motoha is really popular. She's earnest, kind, and great at sports... though she can be a little lax at times. I'm proud to call her my best friend!
Kano-kun? Yeah, he's in my class. He's always got this serious look on his face.
What's up? I'm Kayo Tomiyama! So, what're you kids into these days?
Yeah, I was a pretty big star when I was younger! Even worked as a stylist, you know! And I'm still majorly picky when it comes to fashion.
I may be an adult in terms of age, but I'm still young at heart, as they say! But the youth culture of today is totally different... Time really does fly.
Do you like my fashion sense? Oh, those clothes I gave you were just sample pieces my hubby got from work. Don't worry about it! But I can guarantee they're all high-quality!
When I talk to you, it's like going back to my younger days... Huh? Shut up! You're totally harshing my vibe... Just kidding.
Whenever I see that kid, I just feel like cheering him on. He's just so much like me when I was younger, I guess.
Gah, you're asking about him all of a sudden? Well, come to think of it... You remind me a lot of him when he was younger!
My name's Yui! If you've got any questions about the virtual world, ask away!
You want to know more about me? Well... I am who I am! What you see is what you get! If you don't believe me, just look for yourself!
I want to get a huge plot of land, grow lots of tasty things, and eat until I'm full to burst!
Well, Russet, you're a pretty mysterious guy, you know? Whenever we're together, I always end up saying too much about myself...
Farm work requires two things: physical stamina and love! You've got to work hard to till the soil, and give it plenty of nutrients and love, and then you'll have some great crops!
Not long ago, it was just packed full of people, but lately it's been a little lonely. But now, thanks to Russet and our farm, I'm not lonely at all anymore!
Come to think of it, my friend Musubi's name is written with the same kanji as mine, so you could read it as "Yui." Ehehehe... Isn't it fun that we match?
Hello, I'm Ayaka Sakai. We met in front of Shibuya Station.
What I'm good at, huh... A lot of people have told me I'm good at playing guitar. But I feel like I still have a long way to go.
Well, I... My voice... I'd really like to share my songs. That's my number-one goal.
My high school memories... Well, I definitely remember putting together a band with my friends. Everyone worked so hard on our songs, and we practiced so much to put on a concert... It really was fun.
Thanks for always being there for me. As long as you're here, I... Sorry, nevermind.
"Make both of our dreams come true"... I'd be lying if I said I wasn't still worried about that. But... I'm going to do what I can.
I want to keep on singing. For my friends, who showed me how much fun it could be, and for all the people who love my songs. And... for you, too.
I'm Yumi Shiina. I work as a bartender in Shibuya, and my specialty is flair bartending! Nice to meet you.
I was in a dance club back in college, and we did all sorts of dances. I think that's really helped me with my flair bartending. It's kinda like... a step only I can take.
Yeah, bars can be pretty intimidating, can't they? A lot of people say they're nervous about coming in. But I'd like it to be a place where people feel welcome anytime! That's why I've been practicing mocktails, you know?
The flavor, color, and all different things come together in a single glass. It's like magic, don't you think? And on top of that, the shape of the glass and the color of the decorations can change the impression, too. You've gotta be a real magician to make the perfect drink for each customer, and that's what I want to be.
I'll never forget the feeling of leaping across the stage, the way my costume sparkled under the spotlight... It was just so much fun! ...I wish that fun could've lasted forever.
Your mocktail-mixing skills are getting better every day... I can't let myself lose! The apprentice must not surpass the master! Just you wait, my next drink is going to knock your socks off!
I think about it once in a while. If I'd never met you... I definitely wouldn't enjoy dancing anymore, let alone flair bartending... Because of you, I've been having a lot of fun lately. So, thanks.
=== name ===
Self-introduction
About Myself
About Goals
About Us
On Upper-Body Strength
About Igor
About Narumi Nashimoto
About Our Meeting
On the Phantom Thieves
About Lufel
About Tomoko Noge
About Reading the Room
About Burgers
About "Normality"
About Discipline
About our Deal
About Takeyuki Kiuchi
About Motoha Arai
About Books
About Kazuki Take
About Chili Peppers
About Yukimi Fujikawa
About Tea
About Baseball
About Shun Kano
About Clothes
About Leo Kamiyama
About "Hubby"
About Farming
About Harvest World Online
About Musubi Matsukata
About Your Band
About Dreams
About Creativity
About Mixology
About Dance
About Me
About Us