=== acceptName ===
I should investigate.
I'll check out the game center.
Finished cleaning.
Observe the situation
Buy toilet paper.
Do you like this place?
What did you want to tell me?
How's work?
See how he's doing.
I bought the book.
I found a job for you.
I need to tell you something.
Go up the stairs.
What are you doing...?
I'm here.
Investigate the convenience store.
Ask the staff to investigate.
Investigate the book store.
I'm back.
We meet again.
Something happen recently?
Enter the bathhouse.
Enter the bar.
Need any deliveries?
What's news?
Enter the burger shop.
Enter the diner.
Go to the school grounds.
Show Namie and Momoko the photo.
I found your phone.
Browse books.
Finished practicing?
How are things going lately?
Why are you standing in the rain?
Enter the jazz club.
Take cover.
Hello.
I found the postcard.
Have gyoza
Speak to the shop owner
Enter the gym
What's the plan?
I'll go see Neko Takahashi.
About Neko Takahashi...
The lady who ordered flowers...
Deliver the bouquet
I've found all the treasures.
About the treasure...
I'm here to hunt for treasure.
Search for treasure
I'm here to help.
Where'd they go?
I bought you some tea.
Meet with Rikuto Shimizu
Ask for an interview
What do you want to do most?
Wait for Rikuto Shimizu
About the rainy day customers...
Sounds interesting...
Wait for Ena Kageyama
Investigate the coffee
Enter Ena Kageyama's caf\xe9
Take on the challenge
Partake in secret training
Score a penalty kick
=== awardDesc ===
Unlocks by clearing the mission Trials from the Sea of Souls.
Unlocks by clearing the mission Metro of Desire.
Clear the mission to unlock Robotic Challenge
Clear the mission to unlock Fishing
Clear the mission to unlock Display Case
Clear the mission to unlock Companio
Clear the mission to unlock Thieves Den
Clear the mission to unlock the City Life activity Help Hiyori.
Clear the mission to unlock the City Life activity Tanzo's Top Pick.
Clear the mission to unlock the City Life activity Help Yuta Sato.
Clear the mission to unlock the City Life activity Meet Namie Komatsu.
Clear the mission to unlock the City Life activity Help Kazuhiko Tsuda.
Clear the mission to unlock the City Life activity Band Club Practice.
Clear the mission to unlock the City Life activity Stargaze with Haruna.
Clear the mission to unlock the activity Chihaya Mifune's Fortune-Telling.
Clear the mission to unlock the activity Talk to Fumiyo Tosabayashi.
Clear the mission to unlock the activity Talk to Anderson.
Clear the mission to unlock the activity Tabby's Treasure Hunt.
Clear the mission to unlock the activity Camerawork with Rikuto Shimizu.
Clear the mission to unlock the activity Soccer Practice.
Clear the mission to unlock the City Life activity Listen to Ayaka's song.
Clear the missions to unlock City Life activities with Shichi-kun.
Mission complete. Let's escape from the casino quickly.
That was a strange dream, but no time to worry about it. Time for school.
Prologue - Naming Mission prerequisite
Attend class in room 2-C
Enter the Velvet Room
That was such a strange dream...\nAnyway, it's time to leave school.
Ms. Katayama stopped me in the hallway. What does she want to talk about?
First, I should leave school.
I thought I heard something just now... Anyways, I need to get home soon.
A lot of things happened today, and I'm feeling mentally drained.\nBetter get on the train and go home now.
Someone strange showed up on the train. Who on earth was that?
We've ended up somewhere dangerous.\nI should find a way out with Lufel.
I was attacked by murderous Shadows.\nIs there any way to make it out of this alive?
Win the battle
The exit is just ahead.\nLet's hurry and get out of here.
A strong enemy appeared right in front of us. Let's take it down.
Let's get out of here fast.
Prologue - Go home
So much has happened...\nFor now, I'd better return to Zoshigaya.
It's late. I'd better go home and rest.
It's late. Time for bed.
Chapter 1 - Velvet Room
Chapter 1 - Waking up at home
Better get changed.
Time to go. I should head to school.
I got a message. Who's it from?
I'll get on the train and go to school.
Class will start soon. Better head there before I'm late.
Class will start soon. I should head to the classroom quickly.
Looks like Lufel has something he wants to discuss.\nI should head to the roof.
I forgot to pack a lunch.\nMaybe they've got something at the school store.
I couldn't get anything to eat after all. Whatever, better head back to the classroom.
I promised to meet Lufel in Shibuya. Head to the station.
I'll talk to Lufel at Station Square.
Lufel wants to buy some supplies before we head into Mementos.\nWhen I'm ready, I should find him.
Now that I understand the mission, I've decided to enter Mementos.
I need to think things over, and talk to Lufel once I've made a decision.
I should tap the Metaverse icon, select Path of Qimranut, and go to Area 1.
The enemy was defeated, but the danger isn't over yet.
Joker suddenly appeared, and took out the enemies in one fell swoop.
Merope showed up again. What's going to happen this time?
I learned all about "Phantom Idols" in the Velvet Room.
The strange vortex ahead seems to lead somewhere else.\nI should investigate.
Tap the Smartphone icon to the left of the Mini Map, select Phantom Thieves, and choose a thief to level up.
Motoha had an encounter with Kiuchi.
Let's check out the main gate of the Baseball Stadium.
We should see if there's another route besides the main entrance.
I'll go to Yongen-Jaya and find a crafting bench to create a grappling hook.
There's a secondhand shop in Yongen-Jaya where I can buy a crafting bench.\nI should check it out.
Motoha and Tomoko are in Shibuya.
I've figured out the crafting bench situation. I can take the Inogami Line to get home.
I got a crafting bench. Time to go home.
I can assemble the crafting bench in my room.
I can craft a grappling hook at the workbench.
A lot happened today.\nTime to get some rest.
Once again, I woke up in my room.
Tomoko was pushed by Kiuchi.
I can't believe Kiuchi would do something like that... What should I do now?\nI need to go to school first, but I'll think about it...
Motoha talked to the police, but their response wasn't helpful...
It's a new day. Time for school.
Motoha must be upset about Tomoko.\nI should go to the school rooftop and look for her.
I'll go to Shibuya Station Square.
I can use the app at Station Square to enter Mementos.
I should tap the Metaverse icon and go to Path of Qimranut Area 1.
Motoha used the mysterious app, and then...
We need to put a stop to Takeyuki Kiuchi as soon as we can.\nLet's enter that red vortex and head to Kiuchi's Palace.\nTap the Metaverse icon, select Kiuchi's Palace, and go to Baseball Stadium Main Entrance.
I'll use the grappling hook to get where I need to go.
I can use the grappling hook to enter Kiuchi's Palace.
Let's enter Kiuchi's Palace through the duct.
Lufel and I will infiltrate Kiuchi's Palace.\nWe'd better proceed with caution from here on.
Lufel and I will investigate Kiuchi's Palace together.
Something dangerous seems to be inside the Palace.\nLet's stay vigilant.
We'll need to get past plenty of obstacles before we can take the Treasure.\nWe should proceed with caution.
There's some kind of monitor here.\nLet's check it out.
There's some suspicious objects near the monitor.\nI'll need to investigate.
Lufel said the safe rooms should be completely secure.\nWe can take some time to get organized here.
The Velvet Room has appeared again.\nDo they have new information to give me?
I need to level up my Persona to level 3 to gain more power.
I learned there are places called Safe Rooms within the Palace.\nAs we continue further, we should look for other Safe Rooms.
We solved the puzzle, and got the big door open.\nLet's keep going.
We're getting closer to the Treasure.\nLet's head further inside.
Looks like the enemy ahead will be a bit tougher than most.\nWe should prepare ourselves before fighting it.
We took down a tough enemy.\nTime for a quick break in the Safe Room.
We should look around and see if we can find something.
The stealth mission failed.\nThe Palace ruler knows we're here...
Somehow Motoha got into the Palace, and the Shadows found her.\nWhat's going to happen to her now...?
Motoha was captured.\nWe need to hurry and help her.
I've got a bad feeling about what's ahead.\nLet's take a rest before continuing.
I have a feeling we're in for a tough fight past the door...\nI should make sure I'm prepared.
We're getting close to the goal.\nBetter proceed carefully.
Let's return to Shibuya.
I should clear 2 daily Phantom Pass goals.\nI can check the Phantom Pass by pressing the Goals button on the main screen.
Motoha has joined the team.\nI'm tired from today, so I should head home and relax in my living room.
I got a message from someone.\nI should see what it says.
It's been an exhausting day.\nI should head to my room and get some sleep.
I made plans with Motoha.\nI'll go to Central Street in Shibuya.
Motoha said to meet her at Central Street in Shibuya.\nI'd better hurry up and find her.
I'll follow Motoha.
This seems to be the shop Motoha told me about.\nI should go inside and find out what sort of place this is...
It's a pretty specialized airsoft shop.\nThe owner seems a bit scary.
The shop owner said he could provide us with weapons, but I don't know what exactly he means by that.
The airsoft shop owner seems like a good guy.\nI'll probably come back again, but for now, I should head out.
We were able to get some powerful weaponry.\nThat much was a success, but we're running low on funds now...
I can earn some money by working at the convenience store.
Sounds like Lufel has a new plan.\nI should listen to what he has to say.
Knowledge is power.\nI can get some studying done at the diner.
It's the end of a long day.\nTime to go home.
I got a message from someone. I should see what it says.
I should go to the kitchen and cook something.
I should go to the sliding door and do some gardening.
I'll talk with Motoha on the platform for the Inogami Line.
Class will start soon. Better head to room 2-C before I'm late.
Motoha is in the library.\nI should look for her if I want to go to Mementos.
I can tap the Metaverse icon to go to Path of Qimranut Area 1.
I need to defeat the Shadow that appeared before me.
The power of cognition is strong.\nThis ordinary model gun is as powerful as the real thing.
Merope showed up again.\nWhat's going to happen this time?
Persona fusion opens up even greater power.\nBut will our enemies become stronger as well?
With the power I've gained, I'll defeat the enemies before me.
I should explore deeper into the Path of Qimranut to discover what other secrets lie in wait.
Unlocking the Pursuit of Honor will allow me to obtain materials and Phantom Idol EXP Credits.
Let's go deeper into Mementos.
Merope wishes to propose a "special plan" to me.\nI should talk to her about it...
I should take on the Velvet Trials.
We're exploring deeper into the depths of Mementos,\nbut the path ahead seems blocked.
Something odd has appeared in Mementos.\nIt might be the key to opening the path forward.
The mysterious woman has appeared again, and it seems like she wants me to use this strange machine next to her.
Touching the Fog Door will open the path for us.
Let's explore deeper and find more secrets.
I can continue after I reach level 20.
I can tap the Metaverse or Map icon to head to the 2F Exhibition Hall in Kiuchi's Palace.
Let's carefully explore Kiuchi's Palace to ensure the plan goes off without a hitch.
Time for a quick break in the safe room.
I can continue after I reach level 22.
Let's defeat the Shadow to open the way forward.
Lufel found a safe room. I should check it out.
I'll take a break in the Safe Room.
Our exploration of the Palace is finished for now. Let's go back to Shibuya.
I'm curious how Tomoko is doing.\nI'll go visit her.
Let's have a discussion to ensure the plan goes smoothly.
I can continue after I reach level 30.
In order to materialize Kiuchi's Treasure, we need to send out a calling card.
Kiuchi got the calling card.\nLet's have a meeting at Station Square.
It's time to finish this.\nLet's head to the center field at the Baseball Stadium!
It's time to finish this.\nLet's head to the field at the Baseball Stadium!
It seems like Kiuchi is back to normal...\nDid anything change?
The Treasure we stole from Kiuchi's Palace seems to have changed...
Something's happening at the Station Square.\nI should go see what it is.
Lufel wants to talk about something.\nLet's go over by the Buchiko Statue.
Something seems to have changed in Mementos.\nI should go investigate.
Let's go find the place where Lufel felt that change.
Something strange is happening up ahead.\nWe should go check it out.
It seems we've resolved the Kiuchi situation.\nLet's go to Shimo-Kitazawa.
It seems we've resolved the Kiuchi situation.\nWe'll take the train to Shinjuku and see if we can find some delicious food to celebrate.
Motoha said there's a ramen place around here that's supposed to be amazing.\nLet's get dinner there.
A fortune teller told me some strange things, but it's probably nonsense. Let's just get dinner.
There's a ramen shop called Victory Kitchen that's supposed to be pretty good.\nI wonder what it tastes like?
A strange guy showed up at Victory Kitchen, and I had to cut my meal short.\nI'm a bit disappointed.
I never got a chance to enjoy that highly-acclaimed ramen...\nI'll just head home.
Motoha said that Kiuchi is on the news.\nI'll have to watch it when I get home.
Miyazawa is filming a video at Victory Kitchen.
It's a new day.\nTime for school.
Time to go.\nHead to school.
I'll get on the train at Zoshigaya and go to school.
It's time to go.\nBetter get to school.
In the hallway at the TV station, Miyazawa is talking to someone on the phone.
It's finally time for PE class.\nLet's get some exercise.
During P.E. class, Kano kept asking about Motoha. I wonder what's going through his head.\nI probably shouldn't dwell on it... I should go back to the classroom.
Motoha sent me the address of the clinic.\nI'll go there after school.
I'm in Yongen-Jaya. Time to look for that clinic.
The clinic isn't far from the secondhand shop.\nI should look around the area.
I found the clinic.\nTime to go inside.
This doctor seems a bit languid.\nI should try talking to her.
The doctor will hand over some medicine, but she has a few basic questions first.
Lufel has something he wants to say.\nLet's find someplace that's not too crowded to talk.
In order to find a new Palace, we need to continue our exploration a bit deeper.
Let's continue exploring to the depths of the Path of Qimranut.
We've entered a new area.\nWill we be able to find some new leads here?
We've opened up a new area.\nThis place seems to have some influence on the real world as well.\nFirst, let's look for clues.
My hidden potential has been increased, and I can take on new challenges.
Merope has opened up the Trials from the Sea of Souls.\nI should take on the challenge.
Looks like Lufel has something he wants to discuss.\nI should go to Shibuya and talk with him.
I should first go back to the Path of Qimranut Area 2.
I should see if there are any hidden areas in the Path of Qimranut Area 2.
The Metro of Desire is open, and new challenges await.
Let's enter the Metro of Desire and take on new challenges.
I can advance the current time to Night by selecting Track Mission, or through City Life.
I got a phone call.\nI should answer it...
I'll head to Heritage Kitchen in Zoshigaya and look for Motoha.
Let's go inside Heritage Kitchen and see what kind of place Kano's shop is.
Miyazawa challeged Kano to a Food Fight. How will he respond?\nLet's talk about it outside first.
It's been another tiring day.\nI should head home and get some rest.
A new day begins.\nTime for school.
Lufel has identified Miyazawa as our next target, but says we need to confirm the location of his Palace first.
I'll go to Zoshigaya and find out about Heritage Kitchen.
Miyazawa is pressuring Yamagoshi into an unreasonable contract.\nIs there any way to stop him?
Miyazawa wasn't able to succeed this time.\nWhat will he do next, though?
Yamagoshi was taken away in an ambulance.\nRight now, we should talk with Kano.
I discussed things with my teammates, and we decided to go to Mementos and search for Miyazawa's Palace.
Let's get ready to head into Mementos and meet up in Shibuya Station Square.
Miyazawa was alone in the TV station hallway, and he seemed to be talking to someone on the phone.
Going to the Path of Aiyatsbus could help us find clues on Miyazawa's Palace.
Let's explore Mementos to find the entrance to Miyazawa's Palace.
I should enter Miyazawa's Palace from Path of Aiyatsbus Area 1.
Let's search the inside of Miyazawa's Palace and find out where the Treasure is kept.
It seems we can't explore inside Miyazawa's Palace right now.\nFor now, let's go back to Shibuya.
We found Miyazawa's Palace, but we can't go inside until we find some more clues.\nI'll go home for now and think things over.
It was an exhausting day.\nI should rest.
Once again, I met with Igor.\nWhat will happen?
I need to talk to Motoha about Kano.
Motoha was called by Ms. Katayama. I guess I have to look for Kano by myself.
I got a message from Motoha.\nWhat happened? I should go back to room 2-C to look for her.
Miyazawa started a livestream from his smartphone. \nWhat's he planning to do?
Miyazawa challenged Kano to a Food Fight.\nI should ask Motoha what she thinks.
Motoha suspects Kano has gone after Miyazawa.\nWe need to stop him before he does anything reckless.
Motoha used the Metaverse Navigator while we were on the train.\nHopefully that isn't a problem...
Lufel advised us not to use the Metaverse Navigator outside of designated areas.\nWe'll have to be more careful from now on.\nFor now, let's return to Shibuya.
I'll go to Victory Kitchen in Shinjuku with Motoha.
Let's hurry to Victory Kitchen.
I should talk to Masa and check how things are going inside Victory Kitchen.
I'm curious about what happened to Kano.\nLet's quickly enter Victory Kitchen and check it out.
I should leave Victory Kitchen quickly to avoid any more trouble.
In order to get away from Miyazawa, we had no choice but to make an emergency escape into the Palace.
Shadows are gathering.\nFirst, let's get back to the central studio area.
Shadows are gathering.\nLet's get out of the Palace for now.
It's almost time for afternoon classes. We need to get out of Miyazawa's Palace fast and return to Shibuya.
I need to hurry so I'm not late for class.
Let's go up to the rooftop and discuss our plan of action.
To ensure the success of the mission, let's infiltrate Miyazawa's Palace and scout the area.
Let's do a thorough search of Miyazawa's Palace.
Let's go to the Safe Room and reorganize.
I'll meet up with everyone at the diner to discuss the Treasure.
Miyazawa hasn't announced the livestream yet.\nLet's make sure we're prepared before then.
Time to settle this.\nOnce I'm ready, I'll send the calling card.
Miyazawa is talking to a mysterious person on the phone...
We've sent the calling card.\nI wonder how Miyazawa will react...
The door to the castle keep should be open now. Let's settle the score with Miyazawa.
We defeated Miyazawa and he returned to his original form.
As soon as Miyazawa was defeated, his Palace collapsed.
A girl is looking at her smartphone at the Shibuya crossing.\nSuddenly, a bicycle approaches her at high speed...
We discussed the matter of desires in the car.
Let's defeat Miyazawa's Shadow.
It's late.\nTime to go home.
It was a long day.\nTime to rest.
It's a new day.\nI'll take the train and go to school.
The passengers around me seem to be talking about something...
Miyazawa is on the big screen in Shibuya.\nWhat's he going to do?
Miyazawa delivered a sincere public apology.\nHis heart has truly changed...
That settles that.\nTime to lay low and return to everyday life.
It's still too early. Should I do something to pass the time, or go home and rest?
Lufel has gathered everyone on the rooftop. What's going on?
The vice principal is introducing everyone to a new teacher.
Lunchtime is almost over.\nI should go back to the classroom.
Let's head to the Path Of Aiyatsbus Area 1.
Let's explore the depths of the Path of Aiyatsbus.
The Shadow we defeated before has come back.\nAll we can do is defeat it again.
The door to a new area has opened.\nShould we check it out, or head back to Shibuya?
Time for school.\nBetter hurry up and go.
It started raining out of nowhere, but Riko helped me out...
I was able to avoid the downpour thanks to Riko.\nWe exchanged greetings and then Riko left. Then Motoha remembered there's a morning meeting in the gymnasium today.
A new teacher was introduced at the morning assembly.\nWhat kind of person is he?
The Vice Principal and Riko introduced Akashi.
I'd better pay attention in class and give good answers.
Ms. Katayama seems a bit odd today.\nDoes this have something to do with the newly-arrived Mr. Akashi?
I met Shun right after he bought lunch.\nLet's grab some drinks and head up to the roof.
It's been a rough day.\nI feel like heading to bed early so I can forget all about it.
The Vice Principal is super angry today, and it seems to be directed at Ms. Katayama in particular.
Ms. Katayama didn't show up for her class, and we've got Mr. Hakozaki instead.\nDid something happen?
Something seems to have happened with Ms. Katayama. I wonder if we'll see her tomorrow?
A familiar figure appears at night in Yoyogi Park.\nA pair of eyes are staring at her from afar...
It's lunchtime, so I'll head to the school store.
After discussing things with my teammates, we decided to go to Mementos to see if we could find a Palace.
We should go to the Path of Chemdah Area 1 and look for clues to the Palace.
Katayama's Palace seems to be nearby.\nLet's look for an entrance.
Katayama's Palace doesn't seem to be a school.\nWe found some kind of massive building...
We still don't have a full grasp of Katayama's Palace.\nWe should keep exploring inside.
I can hear water somewhere nearby.\nWhere is that sound coming from?
We made it inside the Palace. Let's continue searching for Ms. Katayama.
We don't have a full grasp of the palace yet.\nLet's keep exploring its interior.
There seems to be a problem with the power.\nI wonder if there's a device somewhere we could use to control it.
It appears there's a device that controls the converstion of electric power.\nWe should be able to drain or transfer energy with it.
Talking to the cognitive mechanic might provide some clues.
Talking to the cognitive operator might provide some clues.
I was able to acquire some information discreetly, and now I should discuss it with everyone.
It seems like this conversion system switches between two devices, but how exactly do we use it?
This suspicious Shadow seems pretty weak.\nLet's defeat it and move on.
We got away from that strange figure, so let's go back to Shibuya and discuss what to do.
A lot of things happened today.\nI should head home and get some rest.
I got a message from Shun, inviting everyone to Heritage Kitchen.
I promised to meet Shun at Heritage Kitchen.\nI'd better not be late.
Yamagoshi has recovered, and made a ton of great food for us.\nI'm totally satisfied.
We had a great meal today, so now let's think a bit more about what's going on with Ms. Katayama...
Today was quiet. I'll go home and rest.
Riko and Ms. Katayama were talking about something...
School is over, so I should go home and rest.
I'll meet everyone on the roof so we can discuss Ms. Katayama.
Ms. Katayama was suspended. I'll meet up with my teammates on the roof to discuss what happened.
It's been an exhausting day. Time to head home.
I promised to meet Riko in Kichijoji.
I can advance to Evening by selecting Track Missions, or by completing events on the Schedule.
I met up with Motoha and Shun at Shimo-Kitazawa Station, and we're heading to Kichijoji together.
We arrived at Kichijoji.\nLet's get in touch with Riko-senpai.
Riko is somewhere around the Imported Grocery.\nWe should go look for her.
Let's go to the caf\xe9 that Riko mentioned and discuss our future plans.
Riko wants to gather information on Akashi. We can help divert his attention.
Since the plan is progressing smoothly, let's meet Riko-senpai at the caf\xe9 in Kichijoji.
I'll meet up with everyone at Shibuya Station square, and we can prepare to head into the Metaverse.
If our preparations are complete, we can start searching for the Palace.
We've finished our preparations, so let's head into Mementos.
We should head to the Path of Chemdah.
Let's head to the area where the password door was located.
Let's keep exploring inside the Palace and see if we can find any other clues.
The elevator is broken, so we have no choice but to jump down the shaft.
We can get into the Palace through the ventilation shaft.
The path ahead is blocked by steam.\nThere must be another way to get to the Palace.
We can convert energy with the device and open the locked doors.
Let's use the device to stop the steam.\nBut I should be careful since both reticles must be on target.
We can operate the giant fan from the control room upstairs. Let's head up there.
We'll use the device to convert enegy, activate the elevator, and then head onwards.
Let's take the elevator to the control room.
We can use the device to open the control room doors.
Seems like there's an issue with the main exhaust fan. Let's check it out.
We need three chains to repair the main exhaust fan.\nLet's start looking for the first one.
The first chain turned into a lighter.\nWe can figure out why later. For now, let's look for the next chain.
Why did a projector appear in the Palace?\nWe need to investigate this.
The projector plays events from the past...
The lower path is blocked by steam.\nThere must be a device that can redirect it.
We can use the device to change the flow of steam and open up the path.
We repaired the first chain.\nNext, let's find the second chain.
The second chain turned into a bowl... \nLet's look for a projector and see if we can make it change back.
We found the second projector.\nIf we watch what's on it, maybe the second chain will return to normal.
We repaired the second chain.\nLet's hurry and look for the third chain.
Let's look for the third projector and turn the chain back to normal.
We found the third projector.\nIf we watch what's on it, maybe the third chain will return to normal.
We have the chain now.\nIf we take it to a mechanic, we can repair the main exhaust fan.
The door up ahead should lead to another area. Let's proceed with caution.
We made it to a new area, but something doesn't feel right...
As much as we don't want to, we don't have a choice but to fight Ms. Katayama.\nWe'd better take this fight seriously...
We met Ms. Katayama at the edge of the dam...
Let's defeat the Shadow before us.
Somehow, Riko awakened her own Persona...
I never expected Riko to awaken a Persona, too.\nLet's return to Shibuya and talk about this.
The story will be continued...\nPlease look forward to the next installment.
It's late already. Better hurry and get home.
I was called back to the Velvet Room. What do they have to tell me this time?
This was after I talked to Riko-senpai on the school rooftop.
Riko-senpai should be in Shinjuku now. I should go look for her.
Someone is waiting at the bar. No way, it couldn't be...
After Ms. Katayama left, everyone agreed to investigate the Palace the next day.
I talked to Lufel in the classroom to decide if we should go to Mementos.
I should go to the Path of Chemdah Area 1 when I'm ready.
Now that Riko-senpai is an official member of the team, I should go check out the Memorial Plaza in Katayama's Palace.
It seems that Ms. Katayama's treasure is in the direction Lufel pointed.\nLet's head that way and try to find where it is.
Now that we're heading inside the dam again, we don't know just how strong of an effect Ms. Katayama's changes will have.\nLet's proceed with caution.
We've infiltrated the dam.\nNow let's search for the treasure.
In order to get to the generator room, we need to figure out the influences of the three other rooms.
If we guide the robot to the charging station, we can unlock the door.
Looks like the door is locked from the inside.\nGuess we'll have to break the glass.
We can use the control device to open the doors in the area.
Seems like there's a few steps involved in getting this door open.
To return the room to normal, we need to open the drain and close the water inlet at the same time.
A worker is trapped. Let's go help him.
Let's go to the control room and close off the water supply.
In order to fix the problem in the next room, we're going to need to collect all the control manuals.
Looks like the door is locked from the inside. Guess we'll have to break the glass.
We led the robot to the charging device, but unfortunately it didn't have enough energy...
We should activate that disabled robot.
Let's guide the robot to the charging device.
We don't have any way to operate the power supply right now. There must be some way to get it running...
We should open the iron gate to make a path for the robot.
Let's lead the robot ahead and open that locked door.
We need to set the energy to the correct direction.
All the manuals have been found. Let's go to the repair room.
Four devices are broken. We can't proceed until we fix them.
We've solved the problems in two rooms already. Let's keep going and find out what's wrong with the last one.
Let's go to the generator room and solve the last problem.
We made it to the generator room, but the door is locked.\nThere must be a way to open it.
This robot has high-level clearance. We can use it to open locked doors.
To open the large door ahead, we need to cut the cable around the core.
Let's take the robot to the energy transfer.
We can pull the lever to open the locked door.
We need to find a robot to activate the charging device.
We can pull the lever to activate the first device.
We can pull the lever to activate the second device.
The power supply seems to be turned off now, so let's go check the core.
We can cut the cable on the core to open the door.
At last, we got the door open.\nI wonder what awaits us on the other side...
We can discuss what to do next after we return to Shibuya.
It's late already, so I should head home first.
It's getting late. I should go home.
I'll meet my teammates on the roof to discuss what to do.
There haven't been any updates on Ms. Katayama in a while. I'll go to Victory Kitchen and see if Masa knows anything.
A good meal always lifts your spirits.\nI should talk to my friends before heading home.
In a corner of the school, Akashi is talking to someone...
It's late. I'd better head home and rest.
I just arrived outside the faculty office, but it seems like the teachers are discussing something right now...
Let's meet up on the rooftop to talk.
There's something I need to discuss with my team today.\nI should head to school early.
Riko-senpai was discussing something with the student council members in the AV room.
The academic coordinator is talking to Akashi about something, and they both seem a little nervous...
I'm curious to know how Riko-senpai solved that problem.\nI should look for her... Better leave the classroom first.
I didn't expect Riko-senpai to show up right in front of me... But this is a good chance to talk to her.
It's been an exhausting day.\nTime to head home.
I'm feeling uneasy for some reason, like something might've happened...\nI guess I should go to school.
After that misunderstanding, I wonder how Riko-senpai will react...
Akashi and the academic coordinator are discussing something...
Let's meet up on the rooftop to discuss Riko-senpai.
Before re-entering the Palace, we should go to the Path of Chemdah Area 1.
Lets head to the entrance of the dam and check what's changed about the Palace.
We should continue deeper into the dam and search for clues about the Palace.
We managed to infiltrate Akashi's palace.\nNow, let's see what we can find inside...
There's a long, narrow room shown on the map.\nMaybe there's something there. Let's check it out.
We can use the energy device to open the door.
The green pedal seems to be able to open the door. Let's give it a try.
We should take a look at the computer in this room. Maybe we'll find something useful.
Investigate in front of the large display.
This footage seems to be from Akashi's past...
The chip on the ground might be useful as we continue our exploration.
We should keep exploring Akashi's Palace.\nWe might be able to find more of his memories.
We can control the robot to open the door.
Using the mind control device could change how the Shadows think.
Should we fight this enemy head-on, or try to control its thoughts?
Let's find out how to get to the second floor and turn off the lights.
We can turn off the lights and evade the Shadows' attacks.
Now that all the lights are off, let's head back to the control room and use the computer.
There's a device that stores Akashi's memories in the control room.\nWe should investigate.
The light from the mind interference device is blocking the way ahead.\nThere must be some way to turn it off.
The lights are out. We can move forward now.
That Shadow seems to know about the situation "over there." If we help him, he might give us some information.
We need to find 3 robots before we can turn off the lights.\nLet's go find the first robot.
Let's shut down the device and disable its effect on this area.
Turn on the mind-controlled robot and shut off the lights.
We've already located the first robot, and we're off to a great start.\nLet's continue searching for the next one.
Only one robot to go. Let's do this.
I found all the robots, so now let's rescue the Shadows.
This Shadow seems to want to show us something. What could it be?
Seeing Akashi's past helps to understand why he's been doing all these things, but it's still no excuse for the harm he caused.\nLet's keep searching deeper and see what else we can find.
Let's find that chip, and open this brain-like device.
There's a locked door blocking our path.\nWe'll need to find a robot that can get it open.
We finally found the robot. We can use it to open the door.
We can use the robot to turn off the light blocking our way.
We can use the computer to lower the workbench and get another chip.
The last chip is right before our eyes.\nLet's hurry up and grab it!
I've collected all of the chips, so I should return to the core monitoring room.
Let's place the chips and activate the device.
We've all returned to Shibuya. After a brief discussion, Riko said she had thought of a way to deliver the calling card.
I've entered the Velvet Room once again. I wonder what they'll have to tell me this time...
I've entered the Velvet Room once again. What could be the meaning behind Igor's words?
The time we agreed on is here, so I should go to the guidance office and meet with my friends.
It was a rough day, but it was worth it.\nI'll just head home and get some rest.
It seems like Lufel has something to discuss. It's probably about the calling card.
I just got a text message. Is it from my teammates?
On the way to Shibuya, I had the sensation of being watched.
Now that we're all together, let's get to work.
Akashi and Mr. Yamanashi seem to be arguing near the school's smoking area...
Classroom 2-C gradually begins to fill with noise as the students focus on the information on their phones...
Everything seems to be going well, so let's go up to the rooftop to discuss our next move.
I've talked to my team and we're heading to Mementos.\nFirst, let's meet up in Shibuya.
Before we enter the Palace, we should discuss our strategy.
After a tough fight, we've all returned to Shibuya safely.
In my dreams, I entered the Velvet Room again...
Another day has passed, so we should be seeing some developments about Akashi...\nNo use in worrying about it. I'll just go to school.
Divine Justice posted a video.\nDoes this have something to do with Akashi?
Since Akashi's heart has been changed, Ms. Katayama and Riko should have had their names cleared...
Everyone should be happy to hear that Ms. Katayama and Riko have been cleared.\nLet's meet up on the rooftop.
It looks like Ms. Katayama is near the school gate.\nI should hurry over and see her.
Ms. Katayama is finally back.\nLooks like everything is settled now.
In a room somewhere, an unknown man gave Akashi a phone call...
The job of an idol producer is to take everyone's dreams and make them into reality. Instead, they were stolen to satisfy the selfish desires of another.\nFor the sake of those girls, and for our favorite idol, let's punish that corrupt producer!
Lufel sensed the target on this floor.\nFind where the corrupt producer's Shadow is hiding.
The corrupt producer's Shadow has become completely distorted.\nLet's make him atone for his deeds.
The corrupt producer's change of heart was a success.\nLet's observe his next move.
After going to the concept caf\xe9 with Merope, she seems to want to talk to me about something.
After going to Nashimoto's photo session with Merope, she seems to want to talk about something.
Looks like Motoha wants to talk about something...\nI should go and meet her in classroom 2-C.
I should go to the diner in Shibuya and have a talk with Motoha.
I'll go to the Batting Cages in Yongen-Jaya with Motoha.
Motoha will show me how to swing the bat.
There's a woman juggling on the backstreets of the Shibuya Shopping District.\nI should get a closer look...
The bottled water spilled and my clothes are now drenched.\nI should go to the woman's store to dry them off...
There's a girl performing at the Shibuya Station square.\nI should go have a look...
As a customer, it's inexcusable to nag and belittle people who are passionate about their work.\nTime to punish those nonsense-preaching patrons!
Lufel sensed that we're getting closer to our objective.\nLet's find out where Shadow Takayama is hiding.
Shadow Takayama has been warped and corrupted to this degree.\nLet's make him pay for what he's done.
Takayama had a change of heart. We should go and observe his next moves.
As a preceptor, preventing a doctor from helping a patient solely to retain your authority is unconscionable.\nLet's teach this arrogant doctor a lesson!
Lufel sensed that we're getting closer to our objective.\nFind out where Furukawa's Shadow is hiding.
Furukawa's Shadow is already this distorted...\nLet's make him repent for his actions.
Furukawa's heart was successfully changed. We should see what he does next.
I got a message. I should check it out.
I got a special offer for Harvest World Online.\nI should try it out sometime.
I'll log in to Harvest World Online.
It seems someone is having trouble in the Yongen-Jaya supermarket.\nI should go take a look.
I should help out Yaoling.
It seems someone is putting on a puppet show in Shinjuku.\nShould I go and check it out?
There's a girl putting on a puppet show on the streets of Shinjuku.\nI should talk to her.
As parents, they crushed their child's dreams and treated her like a toy in their hands to be controlled.\nLet's open their eyes to the truth!
We have to be close.\nFind out where the Shadows of Miyu's parents are hiding.
The Shadows of Miyu's parents have distorted beyond recognition.\nLet's make them repent for their actions.
We successfully changed the hearts of Miyu's parents.\nLet's see what they do next.
I can hear shooting game sound effects coming from the arcade.\nI should take a look.
One of my classmates might be around the flower shop in the Shibuya underground mall.\nI should stop by when I have time...
On the streets of Shibuya, Kotone seems to be troubled about something...\nShould I talk to her?
It seems Shun wants to talk about something. I should go to the school rooftop.
It seems Shun has a dish he wants to try. I should go to the ramen shop in Ogikubo with him.
There's a rumor going around about a curious young boy at the Kokatsu Academy Library with an incomprehensible manner of speaking.\nShould I go and have a look?
Tomoko has recovered from her injury.\nIt seems she has something she wants to talk about.\nI should meet her in the hallway on the second floor.
I should listen to Tomoko and offer her some advice.
It seems Tomoko went to work at the cr\xeape shop, but she forgot her phone.\nI should find her and return it to her.
Tomiyama seems to have some worries about something and wants to talk to someone about them.\nI should go to Zoshigaya.
Maybe I can offer a solution to Tomiyama.
I suddenly feel like visiting the caf\xe9 in Yongen-Jaya.
Looks like Lufel has something he wants to discuss.\nI should find him near the statue of the loyal dog in Shibuya.
Let's go to the Path of Qimranut Area 2 and search for the source of the strange waves.
It seems the source of the strange waves lies deep within Path Of Qimranut Area 2.\nLet's go and find it.
There's a rumor that Shichi-kun knows about a lot of interesting places. I could probably get information from him.
I feel like checking out the fishing pond in Ichigaya.
It looks like there are some capsule machines on Central Street in Shibuya. Should I give them a try?
I should try sprucing up my room by putting my capsule prizes on my display shelves.
Let's go to the Path of Qimranut Area 1 and investigate this abnormal surge.
I wonder what this "Companio" place that Marthym talked about is like.
I should leave the Companio for now and discuss whether or not to make it our base.
I can use the smartphone app to join a Companio.
The Companio looks to be a normal place at first glance. What could be so special about it...? Marthym can probably answer that question.
It looks like something happened at the Companio. Marthym must know what's going on.
Let's open Nightmare's Gateway and drive away the nightmares attacking the Companio.
I should talk to the others about going to Mementos.
Once the app was activated, we all appeared in front of this strange castle. What could this mean?
It seems if we wanna leave from here, our only choice is to enter this castle...
We've been unexpectedly pulled into a battle. Let's take down these enemies.
I should talk to Ryuji and see if he has any information about this Palace.
An unknown treasure is hidden within the castle, and we have to recover it if we want to escape.
I'm going to look for Shun and Motoha at Shibuya Station Square. Afterwards, we'll go to Mementos together.
An unknown treasure is hidden away inside the art museum. We need to find it in order to escape.
The path might be right under our noses, so search the area thoroughly.
Some unknown treasure is locked away inside this bank. We must find it if we wish to escape.
Looks like Riko-senpai has something she wants to discuss. I should find her near the Buchiko Statue in Shibuya.
We ended up in this peculiar place again, but they're bound to show up here, too.
This pyramid, shrouded in a mystical aura, seems to have a treasure hidden inside. Let's explore the depths until we find it.
The second core is somewhere in the spaceport. Let's find it quickly so we can escape.
Looks like there's some sort of event at school. I should check if something's written on the bulletin board.
Summer memories and the beach \u2014 always a perfect combination. Let's go to Shirosato Beach!
Let's check out the Water Gun Fight stall.
I'm going all out! Time for Water Gun Fun!
Something's having an effect on Shirosato Beach. We need to investigate.
We've somehow arrived in the Metaverse, but what exactly is going on?
Now that things have subsided in the Metaverse, let's return to Shirosato Beach.
Let's head to the shaved ice shop and get some delicious shaved ice.
Time to show what I can do and make some refreshing shaved ice.
Everyone's gathered at the beach. I should go look for them.
Everybody's in high spirits. I'll go talk to them.
Looks like Motoha has something she wants to discuss. I should go and talk with her.
It's about time to go. Meet up with Motoha at the fireworks launch site
That truly was an amazing fireworks festival. Let's talk to everybody and see what they thought.
I've entered a mysterious space... What is this place?
I'll head over to the vending machine and listen to Marthym explain what it does.
I should check out the music player and have Marthym explain what it does.
I'll check out the movie theater and listen to Marthym's explanation.
I'll have a look at the gallery and Marthym will explain what it does.
Looks like there's something special on the second floor. I should go and look.
I should go see Marthym. She seems to have something for me.
A girl is holding a donation box near the subway entrance at Shibuya Station Square.\nI should check if she needs help when I have time.
A little girl with big dreams of helping her feline friends.\nLet's check out the place she mentioned in Yongen-Jaya.
I've arrived at Yongen-Jaya. Next, let's find the cat shelter.
The fundraising girl also arrived at the Yongen-Jaya cat shelter.
This place doesn't look great.\nLet's clean up the boards and watch out for stray nails.
Cleaning up the trash takes focus. This could count as training...
I finally finished cleaning. Let's ask if Hiyori Koide needs anything else.
It looks like Hiyori Koide wants to talk to me.
Hiyori Koide wants to help the cat.
The cat disappeared. I have to find it.
I need saline solution for the cat's eyes. Maybe the nearby drugstore will have it.
The drugstore at Shibuya Central Street should sell saline solution.
I'll ask the girl if she needs anything else.
Hiyori Koide is fundraising at the Shibuya subway entrance. She looks antsy. I should talk to her when I have time.
"Shinjuku Strolls"... This clue seems easy enough. I'll head to Shinjuku.
There's a lot of ground to cover in Shinjuku. Where can I find clues for "Shinjuku Strolls"?\nFrom what I can tell, I should start with the acupuncture clinic.
"Shinjuku Strolls" is usually filmed near a convenience store.\nI'll ask the store staff if they know anything.
A "lame host"? The staff's remark would probably make a lot of people mad... For now, I should check the street out front.
Abusing animals to get famous? That's lower than low!\nAs a phantom thief, I can't let this slide.
Lufel sensed that the target is in this area. Let's find where they're hiding.
Shadow Oya has become completely distorted. Let's change his heart.
Shadow Oya is here. Let's change his heart.
Shadow Oya seems remorseful.
Shadow Oya disappeared. Hiyori Koide doesn't need to worry anymore.\nLet's return to Shibuya.
A yakitori master brimming with culinary confidence stands out on the streets of Zoshigaya.\nI should go to his yakitori stand sometime.
There is a suspicious businessman in Zoshigaya.\nWhat could he be up to?
The girl at the front of the school looks lost...\nLet's see if she needs help.
How does someone who loves running but has no sense of direction survive?\nShe probably has trouble finding her way home every day...\nI'll help her get to the station.
I met Namie Komatsu, the running fanatic.\nI should help her if she gets lost again.
A clever-looking boy is standing at the Kichijoji intersection. Did something happen?
Someone lost their good-luck charm. The boy has deduced that it should be around the vending machine. Let's hurry and find it.
I heard that Yoyogi Park has great scenery. I'll check it out when I have time.
The man in the public bathroom needs toilet paper...
The man at Yoyogi Park is waiting for a toilet paper savior. I better hurry and buy him some...
Let's buy toilet paper from the drugstore.
I bought toilet paper. Let's get it back to the man.
The man offered to take me to the conveyer belt sushi restaurant in Kichijoji tonight as thanks.
A rude-looking man showed up at Shinjuku's Red-light District in the evening.\nI should hurry and see what's going on.
Shibuya's mascot, Shichi-kun, seems to be worried about something. If I've got time, I should ask if he needs help.
Shichi-kun won't talk. Something is definitely off...\nI should ask the nearby shop staff about Shichi-kun.
I asked around Central Street but didn't hear anything helpful. I met an old man who wanted to talk someplace else...\nI'll go back to the station square and find him.
I heard about the terrible situation from the old man.\nWhy doesn't Shichi-kun ask for help? I'll ask Shichi-kun during his break.
Shichi-kun is keeping quiet despite getting badly bullied. He even asked me to keep it a secret. Why doesn't he say anything? It looks like the bully dropped something. Maybe I should pick it up.
These bullies causing problems for Shichi-kun have gone too far.\nShibuya needs Shichi-kun. Let's help him out.
Let's find where the target is hiding.
Shadow Yamazaki has become completely distorted. He must be defeated.
Shadow Yamazaki is here. Let's change his heart.
Shadow Yamazaki's heart has been changed. Let's make sure he really disappeared.
Shichi-kun hasn't had to silently take any more beatings after Shadow Yamazaki disappeared.\nLet's go back to Shibuya and check on Shichi-kun.
It looks like Shichi-kun is doing well and has gone back to work.
Tetsunojo Shishida is contemplating something in front of Hinokuniya Bookstore in Shinjuku. I'll go check on him if I have time...
I need to go to Hinokuniya Bookstore to buy a book for Shishida.
I've got the book. Better deliver it to Tetsunojo Shishida.
I might be able to find a book about rakugo at the Taiheido Bookstore in Shibuya.
I'll see if there's a job for Shishida at the fishing pond.
The job at the fishing pond is a good fit for Shishida. I should go tell him the good news.
I'll leave Shinjuku and go check on Shishida again.
I should check on Shishida tomorrow.
Look for Tetsunojo Shishida near Hinokuniya Bookstore.
I'll tell Shishida the truth.
Let's watch the confrontation between Shishida and Yu Yamaguchi tomorrow evening.
I should go to Shinjuku to observe the confrontation between Shishida and Yu Yamaguchi.
I'd better find a good hiding spot so I can watch Shishida and Yamaguchi.
Everything seems to have worked out. I'll check on Shishida again tomorrow evening.
Lufel noticed something while passing through Yongen-Jaya...
Super sleuth elementary schooler Kazuhiko Tsuda is pondering something in front of the Yongen-Jaya laundromat. I should talk to him if I have time.
I promised to meet Kazuhiko Tsuda at the underground mall in Shibuya.
What could be on the receipt?\nLet's investigate the convenience store in Shibuya.
What could be on the coupon?\nLet's investigate the sushi restaurant in Kichijoji.
What could be in the book?\nLet's investigate Hinokuniya Bookstore in Shinjuku.
My phone's ringing. I wonder who it is.
I promised to meet with Kazuhiko Tsuda again at the underground mall in Shibuya. Let's hurry and go meet him.
The jewelry store robbery has been solved. Let's go back to the station square.
I promised to meet Kazuhiko Tsuda near the laudromat in Yongen-Jaya. Let's hurry and go meet him.
Tanzo is being friendly with his customers. It looks like they're enjoying themselves.
Tanzo looks troubled. I'll ask if I can help with anything.
Tanzo wants to start making deliveries. Let's take pictures of the food and the yakitori stand.
Tanzo is preparing the yakitori set. Let's wait for now.
Tanzo finished preparing the order. I'll pick it up from the stand.
The customer is in Yongen-Jaya. Let's go deliver the order.
Tanzo forgot to write the customer's name and number. I should call him.
The customer is walking around Yongen-Jaya. Let's find them.
I delivered the order. Let's report back to Tanzo in Zoshigaya.
Tanzo has gotten more delivery orders and wants my help.
I need to go pick up the order from the stand and deliver it.
Next, let's deliver to the bathhouse in Yongen-Jaya.
Next, let's deliver to the gym in Shibuya.
Let's check the next customer's address and deliver the order.
Next, let's deliver to the shop in Shinjuku.
Let's head to the Shinjuku apartment. The customer said to call ahead.
Let's go into the bar and wait for the customer.
The customer canceled their order. Let's take the food back to Tanzo.
The customer that canceled their order came. Let's talk to them.
That's it for today. Let's come back tomorrow.
Let's check on Tanzo's yakitori stand.
Ren Ito is waiting for their order.
I finished all my deliveries. Let's report back to Tanzo in Zoshigaya.
Inokashira Park is having a special open park event. Cute capybaras? Say no more. I should check it out if I have some time.
I met a familiar runner after coming to Inokashira Park.
I'm going to eat at the Shibuya burger shop with Namie.
Let's listen to Namie Komatsu talk about running.
I made plans to run with Namie Komatsu after school.
I should look for Namie Komatsu in front of Kokatsu Academy after school.
Let's run with Namie Komatsu.
Let's reach the end goal with Namie Komatsu.
That's enough running for today. Time to say goodbye.
A few days have passed. I should go see Namie Komatsu again.
It's been some time since I last saw Namie Komatsu.
Maybe I can catch Namie Komatsu at Inokashira Park.
I made plans to go running with Namie Komatsu at Inokashira Park. Let's not be late.
I made plans to run with Namie Komatsu at Inokashira Park. She seems to be worried about something.
I'll go shopping with Namie Komatsu around town.
I'll check out the shoe store with Namie Komatsu.
Namie Komatsu wants to go the gourmet supermarket together.
I'll enjoy an evening out with Namie Komatsu at the diner.
I made plans to run with Namie Komatsu in Shimo-Kitazawa tomorrow.
I spotted Namie Komatsu in front of Kokatsu Academy. Let's get running... when I'm ready.
Let's run with Namie Komatsu. It'd be nice if I could keep up this time.
That's enough running for today. It was tiring, but fun. Time to say goodbye.
I met another runner at Inokashira Park.
I met Momoko Sakurai, Namie Komatsu's teammate from high school. We'll go to the diner in Shibuya together.
The girls are talking about running. Momoko Sakurai wants to race against Namie Komatsu.
Let's watch Namie Komatsu and Momoko Sakurai's race tomorrow.
Let's watch Namie Komatsu and Momoko Sakurai's race at the Kokatsu Academy school grounds.
The race is over. Let's get out of here.
Momoko Sakurai is leaving Japan today. Namie and Momoko want to take a photo before she leaves.
I took a photo. Let's show it to Namie and Momoko.
Yuta Sato is standing nervously in the backstreets of Zoshigaya.\nI should ask if he needs help.
Sato lost his phone in Zoshigaya.\nHe needs the phone to contact his boss and give work updates. I'll look for it.
I found Sato's phone. I should return it to him.
I'll head to Taiheido Bookstore in Shibuya and help find a business book.
I met the author of the book. The business expert offered Sato and me a free lecture.\nShouldn't be any problem, as long as it's free...
The business expert told us to head toward the bench at Buchiko Statue.
Sato is nervous about reporting to his boss.\nI'll act as his boss so he can practice.
I told Yuta Sato to practice at home so he doesn't forget what he learned.\nI might see him again in Zoshigaya.
Yuta Sato is once again standing nervously in the backstreets of Zoshigaya. Let's ask if something happened.
I'll listen to Yuta Sato's talk about drinking with his boss at karaoke.
I remembered the business expert Mr. Smart while talking with Yuta Sato about what to do.
I'll go to Hinokuniya Bookstore to see if I can find the business expert Mr. Smart.
Let's go to the bench in east Shinjuku. The business expert Mr. Smart offered to give Yuta Sato and me another lecture.
Yuta Sato asked me to pretend to be his boss so he could practice the art of buttering up. Time to churn up that flattery.
I can check how Yuta Sato is doing when he goes to his boss's birthday party next week.
Yuta Sato is going to his boss's birthday party today. I should take his call.
Yuta Sato called me in the middle of the birthday party. He wants me to tell him what he should do and say.
The birthday party should be over. I'll go to Shinjuku to check on how Yuta Sato is doing.
It's raining in Zoshigaya. Yuta Sato is standing alone in the downpour. Did he get into trouble again?
Yuta Sato is telling me what he heard at the office...
In order to resolve the crisis Yuta Sato is facing, we decided to ask workplace specialist Daisato-san for help.
Yuta Sato and I will go to the outdoor caf\xe9 in Kichijoji and look for the workplace specialist Daisato-san.
Daisato-san is holding a reading event at the outdoor caf\xe9. Let's listen to Daisato-san's lecture with the other readers.
After saying goodbye to the workplace specialist Daisato-san, I'll talk with Sato about what to do next.
I'll wait until evening to infiltrate Sato's workplace and find evidence.
Tomorrow is Sato's performance review...
While passing through Shibuya, I remembered that today is Sato's performance review. I wonder how he's doing. I'll just have to wait and see.
Sato is having his performance review with his boss and two coworkers. Hopefully it goes well...
Sato's performance review should be done now. I'll go look for him at his workplace.
A lone foreigner is wandering about Kichijoji at night...
The lone foreigner stopped at a fried food shop. Maybe he can use some help...
Harris is looking for something in Shinjuku at night. I'll go check on him.
Harris wants to order a coffee at the idol concept caf\xe9 in Akihabara. I'll see how it goes...
Harris invited me to a jazz club in Kichijoji. I could go have one drink...
Surrounded by the comforts of jazz and cocktails, Harris tells me about himself...
Time to leave the jazz club and say goodbye to Harris.
The members of the band club are having a heated discussion outside the band room on the 3rd floor of Kokatsu Academy. I should go see what they're talking about.
I should talk to the band club members and find out what the matter is.
I'll join the band club and start practicing with them.
I think I'm getting the hang of this. Let's play Wake Up Your Hero on any difficulty.
I should talk to Ritsuka and hear her thoughts.
Time to head to band club and practice with the others.
Let's head to Shimo-Kitazawa Station with Ritsuka.
The snack party has everyone excited. Let's play Last Strike on any difficulty.
I should say goodbye to Ritsuka at the station.
All right, everyone's here. Let's play Rivers In the Desert on any difficulty.
I'll chat with the others and hear their thoughts about the new song.
The song has been rewritten! Let's play Life Will Change on any difficulty.
I'll chat with the band club members. Everybody's feeling pumped for the competition.
There's an event going on at the station square.\nI should go check it out.
Let's do the challenge. I'll get a puzzle sheet from the event staff.
The sheet is filled with puzzles. It says the last one is at the diner.
The puzzle was unsolvable, but the diner gave me a stamp anyway.\nI'll go back to the tent.
I met the mathematical genius Haruna Nishimori. She's extremely smart and is good at solving puzzles.Maybe I'll see her around...
Let's talk to Haruna near the diner in Shibuya.
Haruna introduced me to her mother.
Haruna and her two friends are looking through the textbooks spread out on the table...
Haruna's genius knows no bounds. She already got accepted to a college in the US.\nHigh school textbooks are no match for her and she excels at making puzzles.\nMaybe I'll see her around...
Haruna invited me to play together with her friends.
I met Haruna's old playmate while exploring the underground mall with Haruna and her friends.
Something is bothering Haruna's friend, Shota Ito. He spends all his time at cram school.\nMaybe I'll see him around...
Let's talk to Shota near the diner in Shibuya.
Shota introduced me to his mother.
I learned that Shota was pressuring himself because Haruna was leaving for college soon...
There's no doubt that Shota and Haruna still want to be friends.\nHaruna wants to give Shota a puzzle.
Haruna wants to show me something.\nI should go see what it is.
Haruna made a puzzle for Shota.\nLet's bring it to him and solve it together.
Shota and I reached the end of the puzzle.\nA girl is waiting for us.
I had fun exploring with Haruna.\nTime to say goodbye for now.
I'm getting a phone call.\nI should see who it is.
I agreed to meet Kazuhiko Tsuda at the entrance of the night market in Kichijoji.
I'm investigating spots hit by the hungry haunter with Kazuhiko Tsuda.
I should take a picture of the izakaya for the investigation.
I should take a picture of the yakitori restaurant for the investigation.
I'll go to the outdoor caf\xe9 with Kazuhiko Tsuda and we can analyze the clues.
A suspicious person is passing through the town at night.\nI'll tail behind him with Kazuhiko Tsuda.
Tsuda will circle around from the front, and we'll corner this ghostly gourmet together!
I should answer the phone and see who it is.
Harris is walking around at night again. I should look for him in Kichijoji.
Harris and his daughter had an argument. I should talk with him at the jazz club.
Harris started talking about how his daughter secretly came to Japan...
I got a message from an unknown sender. Who could it be?
I made plans to meet with Bella in front of the Kokatsu Academy gates tomorrow after school.
I have plans to meet with Bella in front of the Kokatsu Academy gates today after school.
I'll take a stroll around Shinjuku's Red-light District with Bella.
I'll head over to the Buchiko Statue at Shibuya Station Square with Bella.
Bella and Aiko want to buy some shoes. Let's look around the shopping district in Shibuya.
I haven't heard how Harris and Bella are doing. I should try contacting them tomorrow evening.
The predictions of that fortune teller in Shinjuku are really accurate. I should go and see her when I have time.
I hear there are lots of interesting things to do and people to see on the streets of Shibuya. I should have a look around if I'm not busy.
I gave directions to the lady in the kimono. Let's head to the store she was talking about.
Fumiyo Tosabayashi seems concerned about something... I should go to Shinjuku and talk to her when I have time.
Fumiyo Tosabayashi seems to have lost a postcard. Let's look around nearby and try to find it...
I found Fumiyo Tosabayashi's postcard that had been blown away by the wind. Now I can return it to her.
Fumiyo Tosabayashi has offered to treat me to some delicious gyoza as thanks. Let's go to the izakaya on the street corner of Shinjuku.
If I'm not busy, I should go and chat with Fumiyo Tosabayashi in Shinjuku.
Fumiyo Tosabayashi seems to have received another anonymous postcard. Let's look at it together with her.
I have received Fumiyo Tosabayashi's invitation. Now let's go to Yongen-Jaya and pay a visit to her old friend.
There's a muscular man in the back alley off Shibuya's Central Street who seems to be promoting the sports gym.\nMaybe I should go and talk to him.
I wonder who that muscular guy is talking to...\nI should ask him and find out.
Anderson is standing outside the sports gym.\nI should ask him to give me the tour.
Anderson agreed to give me a tour of the sports gym, so let's head inside.
Anderson is going to meet a girl, and he's asked me to watch over him.\nThey're meeting at Shibuya Station, so I'd better head over there.
Looks like Anderson and the lady are going on a date.\nI'd better head to Zoshigaya and see how their date goes.
Anderson agreed to sign the contract for the expensive equipment to help the lady, but was that really the right thing to do?\nI should see how Anderson feels.
It looks like the lady that Anderson met left something behind. I should head to Central Street in Shibuya and return it to her.
It seems like the lady was being pressured by her boss to scam Anderson. I should wait for her to leave her office, and help her out.
I should go and hear the truth from that woman.
The lady promised that she would cancel Anderson's contract. I should check up on Anderson later on.
It's been a while since the lady said that she would cancel Anderson's contract.\nI should head to Shibuya and ask Anderson about what happened with her and the contract.
The neighborhood orange tabby has gone missing. Was this the act of some nefarious individual, or has the cat met some other unfortunate fate?\nLet's go to Zoshigaya and find out.
Apparently the tabby hasn't been seen for some time.\nMaybe the nearby residents or shopkeepers might know something about it. Time to put on my detective hat and ask around.
Rumor has it that the tabby's meows have been heard coming from an old apartment in Yongen-Jaya.\nI don't have any other leads so far, so I might as well go and investigate.
I need to talk to the girl and rescue the orange tabby.
I suspect the orange tabby is being mistreated. I knocked, but there was no answer.\nNeko Takahashi seems to be close with the owner of the secondhand shop.\nI should try asking him...
Neko Takahashi did not go out at the scheduled time, but she does have a habit of ordering flowers.\nShe'll probably go out to pick them up.\nI might have a chance to talk to her if I pick up her order from the florist and act as a delivery person.
The florist put their heart and soul into this bouquet.\nNow all I have to do is deliver it to Neko Takahashi.\nThis bouquet will never wither, no matter how long it's carried around.
It turns out the orange tabby was injured, but Neko Takahashi has been taking care of him the whole time. She promised to take him back to Zoshigaya tomorrow.\nIf I wait until tomorrow, the orange tabby should have returned by then.
Neko Takahashi promised to return the orange tabby to Zoshigaya.\nA day has passed, so I should go back to Zoshigaya and check on them.
A day has passed, but the orange tabby still isn't back in Zoshigaya.\nI should hurry back to Yongen-Jaya and find out what's going on.
In Zoshigaya, there's a man talking to the orange tabby. I wonder what they're talking about...
I should head to the place where the man and the orange tabby cat are.
Apparently there are six treasures hidden in Zoshigaya. I should find them and give them to the tabby.\nI'll need to keep my eyes peeled for sparkling areas, so it'll probably be easier to spot them on a clear day.
I've finally found all of the treasures. Time to head back to the orange tabby.
It seems that there are other places where the orange tabby's treasures are hidden.\nI should ask the orange tabby about this.
I guess I should follow the orange tabby to Yongen-Jaya...
I'd better follow after the orange tabby.
I need to find the six treasures hidden in Yongen-Jaya and return them to the tabby.\nI'll need to keep my eyes peeled for sparkling areas, so it'll probably be easier to spot them on a clear day.
I've found all of the treasures. Time to head back to the orange tabby.
I should head to Shinjuku and look for the orange tabby.
I need to find the seven treasures hidden in Shinjuku and return them to the tabby.\nI'll need to keep my eyes peeled for sparkling areas, so it'll probably be easier to spot them on a clear day.
Apparently a new cat has moved into Zoshigaya recently.\nIf I have time, I should go and look for them.
I should follow after the orange tabby.
I'd better keep following after the orange tabby.
It seems that Shimizu, the cameraman in Shinjuku, is struggling with something. I should see what the matter is.
I agreed to help Shimizu out with his Shinjuku night photography. I should head to Shinjuku when it's evening.
I should head to Shinjuku and meet with Shimizu in the evening.
Time to do some night photography in Shinjuku. Let's head to Shimizu's first photo spot.
Shimizu wasn't satisfied with the shoot at the first place, so let's head to the next photo spot.
Shimizu wasn't satisfied with that shoot either. Let's head to the next spot.
Shimizu's gone to speak to the person who was standing in the shot. I'd better follow him.
Shimizu said that he would reward me tomorrow for accompanying him on his photoshoot. Guess I'll wait until then.
I should head to Shinjuku and talk to the downcast Shimizu.
Shimizu seems pretty upset. I should go buy some super rich green tea from a vending machine for him.
I've bought the super rich green tea. Now let's give it to Shimizu.
I'm getting a phone call. I should see who it is.
Sounds like Shimizu has come up with a new idea. He wants to discuss it with me.
I agreed to meet up with Shimizu at the burger shop in Shibuya. I'd better head over there.
I'll talk to Shimizu about his new idea.
I should head to the crossroads and talk to Shimizu about the theme of his first shoot.
Let's find somebody to interview.
Well, the first interview didn't go so great, but we can't throw in the towel that quickly. Let's find the next person to interview.
The girl behind the cr\xeape shop counter seems like she'd make the perfect interviewee.
Shimizu has gone home to edit and upload the video. Let's wait until tomorrow and see what the viewers think.
I should call Shimizu and see what the reaction to the interview video was like.
I should head home, call Shimizu and see how the interview video went.
Seems like I'm getting a call. I should pull out my phone and see who it is.
Looks like Shimizu needs to make an update to the show, and wants to discuss it with me.
I need to go to Zoshigaya and meet up with Shimizu.
Let's go to the yakitori stand and interview the owner.
Let's go to Omotesando and find a fitting interviewee.
Shimizu said he's going home to edit and upload the video.\nLet's see how the show's received tomorrow.
I should call Shimizu and ask him about the reception to the interview show.
I should head home, call Shimizu and ask him about the reception to the interview show.
I agreed to meet Shimizu at Shibuya Station. I'd better head straight there.
It suddenly started raining, interfering with our interview plans. There's not much we can do about it, so let's head to the underground mall.
Shimizu thinks that there might be some customers wearing interesting rain gear at the flower shop.\nLet's head over there and see what we find.
Unfortunately what we shot at the flower shop doesn't quite fit the theme of "taking shelter from the rain."\nLet's head to the other entrance of the mall and see what else we can find.
We managed to get some good material this time, linking umbrellas with traditional culture.\nLet's see how the show is received tomorrow.
I should head home, call Shimizu, and make sure there wasn't any problems with yesterday's interview.
Apparently there's a guy who's been taking lots of photos of Shibuya recently. Maybe I should go see what he's up to.
Shimizu asked me to model for his photos. I should go see him on a clear day.
There seems to be an intense argument going on inside a shop in Shinjuku. I wonder what the matter is... Maybe I should go take a look if I'm not busy.
I made a promise to go on a fieldwork trip to a caf\xe9 with Ena Kageyama tomorrow. She is seeking opinions from a customer's perspective. I'll just wait patiently until tomorrow.
I agreed to meet Kageyama at Shibuya Station. I'd better head straight there.
Kageyama decided to start her fieldwork from a coffee chain in the downtown area. I should go with her.
Convenience stores should have coffee. Maybe I'll find one in town.
After these two investigations, Kageyama seems to have worked out what she's looking for.\nApparently the atmosphere around Zoshigaya is really nice. Let's go check it out.
The street life of Zoshigaya seems really wonderful.
Kageyama seems to have reached a satisfactory conclusion, and expressed her gratitude for my help.
Kageyama seems to have reached a satisfactory conclusion, and expressed her gratitude for my help.\nShe said she'd treat me to a coffee back in Shinjuku.
Two customers started complaining outside Kageyama's store, but we managed to calm them down.\nKageyama said that she would handle the situation, so I'll leave it to her, and wait for her to contact me later.
It's been a day since the incident. That call must be from Kageyama. Let's talk to her about yesterday.
The barista I met in Shinjuku opened up a new caf\xe9 in Kichijoji. I should check it out if I have time.
I need to help attract people around Kichijoji to Kageyama's caf\xe9. Three people should be enough...
I've found three customers, so that should be enough. Let's head back to Kageyama's caf\xe9.
The customers love Kageyama's coffee concept and want to take a photo in her caf\xe9. Let's take their photo for them.
I should head back to the caf\xe9 and talk to Kageyama...
There's a friendly guide over in Kichijoji. If I have some free time, maybe I could go and ask her a bit about the place...
Ayumi told me about the supermarket in Kichijoji...
Ayumi told me about the fried food shop...
Ayumi told me about Shinmyoji in Kichijoji...
I should talk to Ayumi near the furniture store.
The school soccer team is currently recruiting new members. Maybe I should go check it out.
I should head to the school grounds and meet the other team members.
In order to earn the team's trust, I'll have to take on Kadota's penalty kick challenge.
I passed the penalty kick challenge, and proved my potential. Now I can join the team with confidence.
I should go see Kurosawa and take part in soccer practice.
I'll head to the school grounds and practice with the soccer team.
I should take part in Kurosawa's secret training.
Time to tidy up the school grounds.
Kurosawa suggested that we grab some curry together, so let's go with him.
Now's our chance. Let's score the penalty kick and win the game!
All right! I scored the penalty kick and proved myself to the team!
Let's go to the curry shop with Kurosawa to celebrate our victory.
It's time for soccer practice.\nI should look for Kurosawa if I'm going to take part.
All right, let's complete penalty kick practice.
Hmm... I don't see Kurosawa around. Best carry on with practice for now.
Still no sign of Kurosawa. I should head back to the courtyard and see if I can find him.
I'll go grab some curry with Kurosawa on the way home.
I should look for Kurosawa and head to the match with him.
Our tense practice match against Nanjo Academy is underway. So far, Kurosawa's strategy seems to be going as planned...
I scored the penalty kick and we won the practice match!\nI'm glad I was able to cover for Kurosawa while he's injured.
It's our soccer team's first victory in a long time. Let's celebrate with the rest of the team!
There's a girl with a ponytail playing with some younger kids out on the streets of Zoshigaya... Maybe I should check on them.
I'm a little concerned about one of the kids. I should probably keep an eye on him just in case...
I became acquainted with Minami Miyashita. I should come back and see how she's doing later on.
I wonder how Minami's getting on. If I have the time, I should go see how she's doing.
I agreed to help Minami out. I should go to her family's store and look after the kids.
Minami is looking after the kids until their parents come home. I should check up on her again when I have some time.
I wonder how Minami's getting on. If I have the time, I should go check up on her again.
There seems to be a bit of a misunderstanding between Minami and her father... I should check in with her later on.
Minami has something that she wants to discuss. I'll wait for her to come back, then hear what's on her mind.
I agreed to be there for Minami when she talks with her father.\nI'll give her some time, then see how she's doing.
I wonder how Minami's doing? I should see if she's ready to talk to her father like we discussed.
Just as we discussed, Minami says she's ready to speak with her father. Let's head to her family's shop.
There's a lively lady standing near the Shinjuku street stands... Maybe I should go and talk to her.
There's a ton of drunk people out in Shinjuku... I need to hurry to the station and take the subway home.
Some drunk guy tried to give me trouble, but that lady from before came to my rescue. I'm grateful for Chizuko's help, and chat with her in a bar.
I exchange contact details with Chizuko, and form a new friendship that transcends the age gap. I should contact her sometime.
I got a message from Chizuko.
Chizuko said she's at the bar we chatted at last time in Shinjuku. Guess I should head over there.
I had a deep conversation with Chizuko. Turns out she's the grandmother of that girl I saw jump from the building in Shimo-Kitazawa...
I've gotten to know Chizuko Nagao, the liquor-loving lady. She's concerned about her granddaughter's recovery.
I received a strange message... I should be careful when I go to Kichijoji.
I remembered that message from before... Maybe I'll notice something if I wander around the area.
Neko Takahashi said she would induct me into the "NK Church"...\nI have no idea what this means, but I'll go along with it for now.
The ceremony is over, but Takahashi looks like she still has something she wants to say...
After much searching, I finally found all of the glass orbs. Now I need to find the orange tabby. I might be in for a nice reward...
The orange tabby is walking along the ridge toward my garden. Could there be something special there? I better head home and take a look.
There's a girl who performs at Shibuya's Central Street. She's so nervous, it seems like she forgot the words to her song. I should go cheer her on if I have time.
After taking a break, the girl seemed reinvigorated and said she wanted to perform again. I should go watch.
Error: tnxotb-[Quest_details_990000]
Error: tnxotb-[Quest_details_990001]
Error: tnxotb-[Quest_details_990021]
Error: tnxotb-[Quest_details_990022]
Error: tnxotb-[Quest_details_990023]
Error: tnxotb-[Quest_details_990024]
Error: tnxotb-[Quest_details_990025]
Error: tnxotb-[Quest_details_990026]
The Shadow is defeated. Let's return to Hiyori Koide.
Tomorrow After School
2 Days Later
Talk to Hiyori Koide
Shichi-kun is attracting tourists
Go to Shibuya Station
Passerby are talking about the Shibuya investigation
Go to Shibuya's Shichi-kun
Shibuya's Shichi-kun invited you to a new event
Send a new photo to Shibuya's Shichi-kun
Error: tnxotb-[Quest_details_990039]
Shichi-kun's lips are sealed. Let's go to the store in Shibuya to see what's going on.
We've confirmed the target. Let's get ready, then head to Mementos.
Unlock mission at Level 40
Unlock mission at Level 20
Walk around Shibuya
Looks like Motoha wants to talk about something... I should go and meet her in classroom 2-C.
Error: tnxotb-[Quest_details_990059]
Error: tnxotb-[Quest_details_990060]
Error: tnxotb-[Quest_details_990061]
Error: tnxotb-[Quest_details_990062]
Defeat 3 of 7 Shadows
Stay hidden
Stand in front of Shichi-kun and select him
Stand in front of Shichi-kun and select him and the protagonist
Take a landscape photo in Shibuya
Take a selfie in Shibuya
Take a photo anywhere
I should look for the girl collecting donations near the subway entrance.
The Kind Old Man
Error: tnxotb-[Quest_details_990083]
Error: tnxotb-[Quest_details_990084]
I'll challenge the Pursuit of Honor to gain materials and Phantom Idol EXP Credits.
Error: tnxotb-[Quest_details_990087]
Error: tnxotb-[Quest_details_990088]
Error: tnxotb-[Quest_details_990089]
Error: tnxotb-[Quest_details_990090]
Error: tnxotb-[Quest_details_990091]
Error: tnxotb-[Quest_details_990092]
Error: tnxotb-[Quest_details_990093]
Error: tnxotb-[Quest_details_990094]
Error: tnxotb-[Quest_details_990095]
Error: tnxotb-[Quest_details_990096]
Error: tnxotb-[Quest_details_990097]
Rhythm Game: Clear "Wake Up Your Hero"
Soccer Clear I
Hang out with Ayaka Sakai
Close the Mission screen or log out
Receive the mission to obtain 10 copies of "The Chivalrous J\xe1no\u0161\xedk." Upon mission completion, 10 copies of "The Chivalrous J\xe1no\u0161\xedk" will be removed.
Extended unlock condition: Interact with the dog statue in Shibuya.\nMission goal: Walk around Shibuya.
Extended unlock condition: Synergy Rank 5 with Merope.\nMission goal: Walk around Shibuya.
Extended unlock condition: Band Club level 5.\nMission goal: Walk around Shibuya.
Extended unlock condition: 12:00, July 22, 2024 exactly.\nMission goal: Walk around Shibuya.
Error: tnxotb-[Quest_details_990110]
Error: tnxotb-[Quest_details_990111]
Error: tnxotb-[Quest_details_990112]
Error: tnxotb-[Quest_details_990113]
Error: tnxotb-[Quest_details_990114]
Error: tnxotb-[Quest_details_990115]
City Life Navigator: Empty Mission
NPC Tracking: Empty Mission
Accepted Mission NPC Tracking
Let's evade enemies in style, grab the treasure, and make it to the exit before time runs out.
Powerful enemies are lurking in the depths of the dungeon. The Phantom Thieves are ready to assemble, and we'll fight to seize victory.
In this labyrinth of illusions, finding the path to the exit will not be easy. We can use the floating platforms to make our escape!
Error: tnxotb-[Quest_details_100037]
Error: tnxotb-[Quest_details_100038]
Error: tnxotb-[Quest_details_100039]
Error: tnxotb-[Quest_details_100040]
Error: tnxotb-[Quest_details_100041]
Error: tnxotb-[Quest_details_100042]
Error: tnxotb-[Quest_details_100043]
Break Open the Unknown
Sea of Souls
Peaceful Days
The Glutton's Last Course
Operation: Save My Fave
Special Services
A Film of You and I
Intoxicating Deluxe Cocktail
Lend an Ear
Shut up, Preacher!
The Tower's Collapse
Virtual Encounter
The Mermaid Princess Dreams of the Prince
Children Aren't Parents' Toys
Special Treatment
Boys and Flowers
I Love You
In a Rut
The Boy of Legend
Abnormal Surge
Capsule Machine Fun
Erosion by Nightmare
Museum of Truth and Vanity
Bank of Gluttony
Scorching Desert Journey
Destroy the Spaceport
Summer! Water Gun Fight!
Beach! Something Strange!?
Shaved Ice to Beat the Heat
Warm Laughter and Cool Waves
Lighting Up the Summer Sky
Girl's Wish
Helpless Cat
Man Standing on a Cliff
The Backstreet Yakitori Stand
A Businessman's Troubles
Running in Circles
The Case of the Missing Charm
The Call of Nature
Public Nuisance
Shichi-kun's Story
The Heart of Rakugo
The Jewelry Store Robbery
Yakitori Delivery: Part 1
Yakitori Delivery: Part 2
Yakitori to Go
Run Like the Wind: Part 1
Run Like the Wind: Part 2
Run Like the Wind: Part 3
The Rules of Business Culture
The Art of Buttering Up
False Accusations
Night Wanderer
Rocking with the Band Club 1
Rocking with the Band Club 2
Rocking with the Band Club 3
Rocking with the Band Club 4
Rocking with the Band Club 5
Haruna's Invitation
A Haunting at the Night Market
A Gift for Bella
The Accurate Fortune Teller
Secret Spot: Eel Shop
Secret Spot: Restaurant
Secret Spot: International Restaurant
One Good Turn Deserves Another
Mysterious Postcard: Part 1
Mysterious Postcard: Part 2
Hear the Cry of Muscles
Love and Muscles
Save the Cat!
Treasure Tail: Zoshigaya
Treasure Spot (Zoshigaya)
Treasure Tail: Yongen-Jaya
Treasure Spot (Yongen-Jaya)
Treasure Tail: Shinjuku
Treasure Spot (Shinjuku)
New Cat in Town
Cameraman Blues
The Cameraman's Survival Guide
Special Report Crew: Part 1
Special Report Crew: Part 2
Special Report Crew: Part 3
In Search of Color
Over Coffee
A Captivating Cup
Attracting Customer 1
Attracting Customer 2
Attracting Customer 3
Hear Me Out
The Beautiful Game: Part 1
The Beautiful Game: Part 2
The Beautiful Game: Part 3
The Beautiful Game: Part 4
The Beautiful Game: Part 5
A Heartfelt Message: Part 1
The Golden Ring
Trembling Strings
The following is a test mission.
Test Conversation Mission
System Event Removal
Mission A
Mission B
Reset System
Error: tnxotb-[Quest_name_990026]
Error: tnxotb-[Quest_name_990027]
Error: tnxotb-[Quest_name_990028]
Error: tnxotb-[Quest_name_990029]
Error: tnxotb-[Quest_name_990030]
Error: tnxotb-[Quest_name_990031]
Error: tnxotb-[Quest_name_990032]
Error: tnxotb-[Quest_name_990033]
Error: tnxotb-[Quest_name_990034]
Test-Tutorial Mission
Error: tnxotb-[Quest_name_990036]
Error: tnxotb-[Quest_name_990037]
XXXXXXXXXXXXXXX
Error: tnxotb-[Quest_name_990040]
Error: tnxotb-[Quest_name_990041]
Error: tnxotb-[Quest_name_990042]
Error: tnxotb-[Quest_name_990043]
Error: tnxotb-[Quest_name_990044]
Error: tnxotb-[Quest_name_990045]
Error: tnxotb-[Quest_name_990046]
Error: tnxotb-[Quest_name_990047]
Error: tnxotb-[Quest_name_990048]
Error: tnxotb-[Quest_name_990049]
Error: tnxotb-[Quest_name_990050]
Error: tnxotb-[Quest_name_990051]
Error: tnxotb-[Quest_name_990052]
Error: tnxotb-[Quest_name_990053]
The Will to Start Again I
Error: tnxotb-[Quest_name_990055]
Error: tnxotb-[Quest_name_990056]
Error: tnxotb-[Quest_name_990057]
Error: tnxotb-[Quest_name_990058]
Error: tnxotb-[Quest_name_990059]
Error: tnxotb-[Quest_name_990060]
Error: tnxotb-[Quest_name_990061]
Error: tnxotb-[Quest_name_990062]
Error: tnxotb-[Quest_name_990063]
Error: tnxotb-[Quest_name_990064]
Error: tnxotb-[Quest_name_990065]
Error: tnxotb-[Quest_name_990066]
Error: tnxotb-[Quest_name_990067]
Error: tnxotb-[Quest_name_990068]
Error: tnxotb-[Quest_name_990069]
Error: tnxotb-[Quest_name_990070]
Error: tnxotb-[Quest_name_990071]
Error: tnxotb-[Quest_name_990072]
Error: tnxotb-[Quest_name_990073]
Error: tnxotb-[Quest_name_990074]
Error: tnxotb-[Quest_name_990075]
Error: tnxotb-[Quest_name_990076]
Error: tnxotb-[Quest_name_990077]
Error: tnxotb-[Quest_name_990078]
Error: tnxotb-[Quest_name_990080]
Make the kind old man leave
Error: tnxotb-[Quest_name_990083]
Error: tnxotb-[Quest_name_990084]
Error: tnxotb-[Quest_name_990085]
Error: tnxotb-[Quest_name_990086]
Error: tnxotb-[Quest_name_990087]
Error: tnxotb-[Quest_name_990088]
Error: tnxotb-[Quest_name_990089]
Error: tnxotb-[Quest_name_990090]
Error: tnxotb-[Quest_name_990091]
Error: tnxotb-[Quest_name_990092]
Error: tnxotb-[Quest_name_990093]
Error: tnxotb-[Quest_name_990094]
Error: tnxotb-[Quest_name_990095]
Error: tnxotb-[Quest_name_990096]
Error: tnxotb-[Quest_name_990097]
Error: tnxotb-[Quest_name_990101]
Error: tnxotb-[Quest_name_990102]
Error: tnxotb-[Quest_name_990103]
Error: tnxotb-[Quest_name_990104]
Error: tnxotb-[Quest_name_990105]
Error: tnxotb-[Quest_name_990106]
Error: tnxotb-[Quest_name_990107]
Error: tnxotb-[Quest_name_990108]
Error: tnxotb-[Quest_name_990109]
Error: tnxotb-[Quest_name_990110]
Error: tnxotb-[Quest_name_990111]
Error: tnxotb-[Quest_name_990112]
Error: tnxotb-[Quest_name_990113]
Error: tnxotb-[Quest_name_990114]
Error: tnxotb-[Quest_name_990115]
City Life Navigator
NPC Search
Accepted Special Pursuits: Event
Swift Shadow
Heroic Form
Error: tnxotb-[Quest_name_100037]
Error: tnxotb-[Quest_name_100038]
Error: tnxotb-[Quest_name_100039]
Error: tnxotb-[Quest_name_100040]
Error: tnxotb-[Quest_name_100041]
Error: tnxotb-[Quest_name_100042]
Error: tnxotb-[Quest_name_100043]
Escape from the casino
Stop the alarm
Go to school
Fill out the career questionnaire
Talk to Ms. Katayama
Leave the classroom building
Change your shoes at the shoe lockers
Ride the subway
Go to the safe room
Follow Lufel
Win your first battle
Head to the escalator
Leave Mementos
Defeat the Wraith of Envy
Return to Shibuya
Take the train to Zoshigaya
Go to bed
Return to your bedroom
Change clothes
Check IM
Ride the train
Enter the classroom building
Go to room 2-C
Go to the school store
Talk to Lufel again
Enter Mementos
Make a decision and talk to Lufel
Begin infiltrating Mementos
Meet Joker
Meet Merope
Make a Phantom Idol contract
Head to the red vortex
Raise a Phantom Thief's level
Witness the encounter
Go to the main gate of the Baseball Stadium
Find a way in
Go to the Secondhand Shop
See Motoha and Tomoko
Go to the Inogami Line
Craft a Grappling Hook
Wake up in your bedroom
Witness someone getting pushed
Talk to the police
Look for Motoha on the rooftop
Take the Inogami Line
Go to the Path of Qimranut
Use the mysterious app
Go to the red vortex
Go to the infiltration point
Use your Grappling Hook
Infiltrate the Palace
Enter the Palace interior
Progress further
Proceed carefully
Keep exploring
Check the monitor
Investigate the suspicious place
Proceed even further
Explore even further
Open the safe room
Enter the safe room
Investigate the safe room
Raise a Persona's level
Defeat the powerful enemy
Go to the Central Hall
Investigate the area
Look for traces
Witness the capture
Find Motoha
Advance even further
Clear Pass goals
Go back to your room and sleep
Talk in the classroom
Talk to Motoha in Shibuya
Go to the mysterious shop with Motoha
Enter the mysterious shop
Go to the Airsoft Shop
Obtain a weapon
Talk to the shop owner
Leave the Airsoft Shop
Go to the Shopping District
Get funding for your operation
Get more suggestions
Finish studying
Make dinner
Do some gardening
Talk to Motoha
Make your decision
Defeat the Shadow
Talk to Lufel
Talk to Igor
Defeat the Shadow in your way
Unlock the Pursuit of Honor
Explore even deeper
Talk to Merope
Challenge the Velvet Trials
Pick up the strange object
Talk to Marthym
Use the Fare Machine
Open the path
Raise Wonder to Lv. 20
Infiltrate Kiuchi's Palace
Explore Kiuchi's Palace
Raise Wonder to Lv. 22
Check up on Tomoko
Talk at the hideout
Raise Wonder to Lv. 30
Send the calling card
Go to Shibuya Station Square
Head to the Palace's Center Field
Face Kiuchi on the Center Field
Talk to the repentant Kiuchi
Take Kiuchi's Treasure
Confirm Kiuchi's condition
Talk to Lufel in Shibuya
Go to the specified location
Go to Recollections
Go to Shimo-Kitazawa Station
Go to Shinjuku
Go to the Ramen Shop
Eat with Motoha
Leave Victory Kitchen
Watch the news
Witness the conversation
Attend class in the gymnasium
Go to the clinic
Enter the clinic
Talk to the languid doctor
See the doctor
Leave the clinic
Increase your Hidden Ability
Unlock the Trials from the Sea of Souls
Find the hidden location
Enter the Metro of Desire
Wait until night
Go to Heritage Kitchen
Enter Heritage Kitchen
Leave Heritage Kitchen
Go home and rest
Talk to Motoha in Zoshigaya
Stop Miyazawa
Talk to Kano
Talk to your teammates
Listen in on the call
Look for Miyazawa's Palace
Enter Miyazawa's Palace
Explore Miyazawa's Palace
Return to room 2-C
Watch Miyazawa's livestream
Go to Victory Kitchen
Talk to Masa
Enter Victory Kitchen
Escape from Victory Kitchen
Go to the central area of the film studio
Leave Miyazawa's Palace
Go to Classroom Bldg 1F
Talk with everyone at the diner
Wait for the right time to send the calling card
Watch Miyazawa react to the calling card
Return to the castle tower
Witness Miyazawa's confession
Talk to everyone
Watch the accident
Rest in your room
Listen to the conversation in the train
Watch Miyazawa's press conference
Talk about Miyazawa's change of heart
Live an ordinary life
Talk to your teammates on the roof
Be introduced to the new teacher
Talk to Riko
Have a discussion with Riko
Go to the guidance office
Talk to Shun
Observe the Vice Principal
Go to Yoyogi Park
Meet your teammates on the roof
Search for the Palace entrance
Search for Katayama's Palace
Explore Katayama's Palace
Find the source of the water sound
Find a way to control the power
Operate the Energy Conversion Device
Talk to the cognitive mechanic
Talk to the cognitive operator
Talk with the group
Defeat the suspicious Shadow
Meet up at Heritage Kitchen
Talk to your teammates outside Heritage Kitchen
Wait until evening
Meet up at Shimo-Kitazawa Station
Go to Kichijoji
Look for Riko at the Imported Grocery
Talk to Akashi
Look for Riko in Kichijoji
Meet up at Shibuya Station Square
Get ready and talk to the group
Head to the rail tunnel
Search the Palace interior
Take the elevator down
Sneak in through the vent
Find a way to get further inside
Proceed to the control room
Check the exhaust fan
Look for the first chain
Look for the second chain
Check the projector
Watch the film
Look for the Energy Conversion Device
Look for the projector
Look for the third chain
Give the chain to the mechanic
Head for the exit
Defeat Katayama
Face off against Katayama
Face off against Katayama and Akashi
Talk to the awakened Riko
Go to Shibuya
Talk outside the bar
Head to the Memorial Plaza
Find the entrance to the dam
Go inside the dam
Explore the dam
Locate the faulty equipment
Guide the robot
Break the glass
Fix the malfunctioning equipment
Use the control device to open the door
Open the locked door
Operate the Water Control Device
Rescue the operator
Head to the control room
Collect the control manuals
Turn on the robot
Turn on the control device
Close the open door
Rotate the energy device
Head to the repair room
Repair the broken device
Head to the generator room
Find a way to open the large door
Control the robot
Think of a way to open the door
Pull the lever
Find the robot
Check the core device
Cut the cable
Proceed to the Palace interior
Meet up at the rooftop
Meet up at Victory Kitchen
Talk to your teammates outside Victory Kitchen
Akashi's Contact
Go to the front of the faculty office
Listen to Riko
Akashi and the Academic Coordinator
Talk to Riko-senpai
Go to the faculty office
Go to the dam entrance
Infiltrate the Control Center
Investigate Akashi's Palace
Go to the long, narrow room
Operate the Energy Device
Touch the pedal device
Check the computer
Check the device
Witness Akashi's past
Pick up the chip
Operate the Mind Control Device
Defeat or control the Shadows
Find the path to 2F
Turn off the lights
Use the computer in the Operation Control Room
Stop the Mental Interference Device
Rescue the Shadows
Find the first robot
Stop the device
Turn on the mind-controlled robot
Find the second robot
Find the third robot
Find the chip
Use the robot to unlock the door
Use the computer
Return to the Core Monitoring Room
Set down the chip
Morning Thoughts
Meet up at the student guidance office
Akashi and Yamanashi's Conversation
Check the notification on your phone
Meet everyone at the rooftop
Meet up with the team in Shibuya
Watch the video
Go to the school gate
The Mysterious Room
Go to Mementos
Search for the target
Defeat the Corrupt Producer's Shadow
Confirm the Shadow's disappearance
Look for Merope
Talk to Motoha in the classroom
Go to the Batting Cages
Go to the shopping district in Shibuya
Go to the underground bar in Shibuya
Go to Shibuya Station square
Talk to the performing girl
Defeat Shadow Takayama
Defeat Shadow Furukawa
Go to the supermarket in Yongen-Jaya
Offer a hand to Yaoling
Talk to the performer
Defeat the Shadows of Sahara's Parents
Go to the flower shop
Go to the bookstore
Go on a date with Kotone in Suidobashi
Talk to Shun on the school rooftop
Go to the ramen shop
Go to the Library
Talk to the mysterious boy
Talk with Tomoko in the hallway
Listen to Tomoko's explanation
Help Tomoko at the cr\xeape shop
Talk to Tomiyama in Zoshigaya
Listen to Tomiyama's troubles
Go to the caf\xe9 in Yongen-Jaya
Go to Path of Qimranut
Find the waves
Infiltrate the waves
Talk to Shichi-kun in Shibuya
Unlock the fishing pond in Ichigaya
Go to the fishing pond
Look for the Capsule Machines
Display the capsules
Go to the Companio
Leave the Companio
Join a Companio
Find Marthym
Talk to your teammates in Shibuya
Go to the strange castle
Open the castle doors
Defeat enemies
Talk to Ryuji
Explore the mysterious castle
Search for Clues (0/3)
Search for Clues (1/3)
Search for Clues (2/3)
Take a break
Talk to Shun Kano in Shibuya
Explore the museum
Search for the infrared switch
Find a way through the paintings
Explore the bank
Talk to Riko in Shibuya
Explore the desert town
Explore the pyramid
Explore the spaceport
Check the school bulletin board
Head to Shirosato Beach
Go to the shooting game shop
Start the Water Gun Attack
Meet up with your teammates
Explore the Metaverse beach
Return to Shirosato Beach
Go to the shaved ice shop
Start making shaved ice
Take some time to relax
Meet up with everyone at the beach
Speak to all of your allies
Await the fireworks festival
Head to the fireworks launch site
Leisurely days by the sea
Reach the Mysterious Palace
Check the vending machine
Investigate the music player
Check the movie theater
Investigate the frame
Check the door to upstairs
Talk with Marthym
Talk to the girl
Find the cat shelter
Go meet the girl
Clean up the boards
Look for the missing cat
Buy saline solution in Shibuya
Talk to the acupuncturist
Talk to the convenience store clerk
Talk to the host
Defeat Shadow Oya
Go to the yakitori stand in Zoshigaya
Go to the school gates
Help the girl find her way
Go meet Namie Komatsu
Talk to the boy
Find the charm
Enjoy the scenery of Yoyogi Park
Buy toilet paper
Hand over the toilet paper
Go to the sushi restaurant in Kichijoji
Go to Shinjuku's Red-light District in the evening
Go see Shichi-kun in Shibuya
Gather info on Shichi-kun
Go see the old man at the station square
Pick it up
Defeat Shadow Yamazaki
Report to Shichi-kun
Talk to Tetsunojo Shishida
Buy the book for Shishida
Give the book to Shishida
Go to Taiheido Bookstore
Report the good news
Return to Zoshigaya
Wait until tomorrow evening
Head toward Hinokuniya Bookstore
Tell Shishida the truth
Check up on Shishida later on
Check up on Shishida
Talk to Kazuhiko Tsuda
Go to the underground mall in Shibuya
Go to the convenience store in Shibuya
Go to Hinokuniya Bookstore
Return to the station square
Go to the laundromat
Take photos of the food and stand
Wait for the order to be ready
Pick up the order
Call Tanzo
Find Jiro Nakano
Report to Tanzo
Go to the bathhouse
Check the next address
Go to the shop in Shinjuku
Go to the apartment in Shinjuku
Go to the bar
Deliver the order
Wait until tomorrow
Find the customer
Go to Inokashira Park
Go to the burger shop
Talk to Namie Komatsu
Wait until tomorrow after school
Find Namie Komatsu
Go for a run
Reach the end goal with Namie Komatsu
Part ways with Namie Komatsu
Wait until next week
Monologue
Go to the shoe store
Go to the gourmet supermarket
Go to the diner
Eat with Namie Komatsu
Run with Namie Komatsu
Eat together at the diner
Go to the Kokatsu Academy school grounds
Observe Namie and Momoko's race
Take a photo of Namie and Momoko
Show Namie and Momoko the photo
Talk to Yuta Sato
Find the lost phone
Return the phone to Yuta Sato
Go to Taiheido Bookstore in Shibuya
Talk to the business expert
Head toward the Buchiko Statue bench
Run through the presentation with Sato
Find Yuta Sato
Listen to Yuta Sato
Strategize with Yuta Sato
Head toward the bench on the east side
Help Sato practice buttering up at work
Continue talking with Yuta Sato
Give Yuta Sato advice
Go to the outdoor caf\xe9 in Kichijoji
Listen to Da Cong's lecture
Head to Sato's workplace
Wait for Sato's performance review to start
Wait for Sato's performance review to finish
Go to the fried food shop
Go to the concept caf\xe9
Talk with Harris
Part ways with Harris
Meet with the band club members
Talk to the band club members
Enter the band club room
Complete a song
Talk to Ritsuka
Head home with Ritsuka
Go to the event at Station Square
Get a puzzle sheet
Return to the tent at Station Square
Wait for Haruna
Head toward the diner
Explore the underground mall
Talk to Shota
Find Haruna
Reach the goal of the puzzle
Part ways with Haruna
Head to the Kichijoji night market
Check the izakaya
Take a photo of the izakaya
Check the bar
Take a photo of the bar
Check the yakitori restaurant
Take a photo of the yakitori restaurant
Go to the outdoor caf\xe9
Head to where the person disappeared
Surround the runaway customer
Go meet Harris in Kichijoji
Go to the jazz club in Kichijoji
Go to the gates of Kokatsu Academy
Look around the red-light district with Bella
Check out Buchiko Statue with Bella
Go to the fortune teller in Shinjuku
Look around Shibuya
Talk to the woman in a kimono
Talk to Fumiyo Tosabayashi
Look around for the postcard
Give the postcard to Fumiyo Tosabayashi
Go to the izakaya on the street corner
Talk to the man outside the gym
Ask who the man was talking to
Tour the sports gym
Watch over Anderson
Watch over the date in Zoshigaya
Hear Anderson's thoughts
Return the lost property to the lady
Wait for the lady to leave work
Listen to the lady's confession
Wait for the contract to be canceled
Find what's missing at the empty lot
Ask around about the orange tabby
Go see the girl
Pick up the bouquet
Deliver the bouquet to Neko Takahashi
Look for the orange tabby
Follow the old man
Find the tabby's treasure
Return the treasures to the tabby
Treasure Spot 1
Treasure Spot 2
Treasure Spot 3
Treasure Spot 4
Treasure Spot 5
Treasure Spot 6
Talk to the tabby
Follow the orange tabby
Treasure Spot 7
Talk to Shimizu
Go to the photo spot
Go to the next photo spot
Find the person in the photo
Answer your phone
Buy some green tea
Give the green tea to Shimizu
Discuss the theme of the show
Go to the intersection at Shibuya
Go to the shopping district
Look for the interviewee
Go home and call Shimizu
Call Shimizu
Go to the yakitori stand
Go to Omotesando
Call Rikuto
Cross the intersection
Talk to the man with the camera
Talk to the cameraman
Get photographed
Stop and listen
Go to the coffee chain
Explore Central Street
Explore Zoshigaya
Return to the Zoshigaya street corner
Return to Shinjuku
Wait for Kageyama to contact you
Answer Kageyama's call
Go to Kageyama's caf\xe9
Help attract customers in Kichijoji
Return to Kageyama's caf\xe9
Take a photo of the customers
Attract a customer
Attract a second customer
Attract a third customer
Talk to Kageyama
Talk to the guide
Go to the location Ayumi introduced
Go to the next location
Listen to Ayumi's explanation
Go to the school courtyard
Go to the school grounds
Beat the penalty kick challenge
Join the soccer team
Talk to Kurosawa
Complete Kurosawa's secret training
Go have curry with Kurosawa
Score the penalty kick
Celebrate victory
Practice penalty kicks
Go have curry
Talk to Yota Kurosawa
Talk to the girl with the ponytail
Keep an eye on the little boy
Talk to Minami later
Go to Minami's family's shop
Talk to the inebriated lady
Head to the station
Get to know Chizuko Nagao
Go home and wait until tomorrow
Check your phone
Chat with Chizuko Nagao
Check the strange message
Walk around Kichijoji
Follow Takahashi
Look for a secluded area
Hand the glass orbs to the tabby
Watch the performance
Talk to the Girl Collecting Donations
Error: tnxotb-[Quest_targetName_990024]
Respond to Hiyori Koide
Return tomorrow after school
Return after 2 days
Listen to passerby's conversation
Reach Level 19
Explore the Palace
If completed in the past, mark as Complete
Accept mission and start count
Defeat 3 Shadows
Complete some side missions
Error: tnxotb-[Quest_targetName_990076]
Error: tnxotb-[Quest_targetName_990080]
Error: tnxotb-[Quest_targetName_990083]
Error: tnxotb-[Quest_targetName_990084]
Error: tnxotb-[Quest_targetName_990085]
Error: tnxotb-[Quest_targetName_990086]
Error: tnxotb-[Quest_targetName_990087]
Error: tnxotb-[Quest_targetName_990088]
Error: tnxotb-[Quest_targetName_990089]
Error: tnxotb-[Quest_targetName_990090]
Error: tnxotb-[Quest_targetName_990091]
Error: tnxotb-[Quest_targetName_990092]
Go to Shinjuku on a Clear day
Go to Shichi-kun on a Rainy morning
Go to Shichi-kun on a Rainy night on a day off
Go to Shichi-kun on a school day
Close the Mission screen
Play summer event date with Motoha
Goal 1,Goal 2,Goal 3
Error: tnxotb-[Quest_targetName_990113]
Error: tnxotb-[Quest_targetName_990114]
Error: tnxotb-[Quest_targetName_990115]
Reach the goal before time runs out
Search the area
Defeat the second Shadow Soldier
Defeat the third Shadow Soldier
Defeat the powerful Shadow
Defeat the Shadow Soldier
Find a path to the exit
Search inside
Gather all clues about Shadows
Defeat the patrolling Shadow
Defeat the Shadow Guard
Defeat the special Shadow
Extra - Defeat the Shadow in the hidden room
Extra - Open all treasure chests
After School & Evening & Night
Go to Shinjuku on a Clear day