"I didn't really try\nbecause no women\nwere watching"!
"Make both of our dreams come true"... I'd be lying if I said I wasn't still worried about that. But... I'm going to do what I can.
"This rain ain't too bad. We better hurry up, or we'll be late." Despite his appearance, he seems like a good guy. I started heading toward the school with him...
(2/2) Attack is increased based on number of foes.
(2/4) Critical hits deal increased damage and restore user's HP.
(2/4) Deals increased damage while attacking based on the current number of debuffs on the target.
(2/4) Decreases enemy Defense by 20% at the start of battle.
(2/4) Greatly increases Attack for the first 2 turns. This buff is reapplied to the party every 5 turns.
(2/4) Increases Attack and Defense if HP is 70% or higher.
(2/4) Increases Attack and Healing when attacking based on current number of buffs.
(2/4) Increases damage by 2% for every 10% higher a foe's maximum HP is, up to 30%.
(4/4) After dealing a critical hit, increases user's critical damage by 10%, up to a maximum of 50%. (Activates once per skill)
(4/4) After defeating a foe with Fire damage, the user's Fire damage is permanently increased. Can be carried over to the next battle.
(4/4) Attack is greatly increased for the first 2 turns. Defeating a foe will extend and strengthen this buff and increase critical hit rate.
(4/4) Deal additional damage to foes with decreased Defense. The more decreased the Defense, the more damage dealt.
(4/4) Doubles 2 skill damage buffs. Nullifies a fatal attack and heals for 25% of HP. (Triggers once per battle.)
(4/4) Increases party's Attack, Defense, and main attribute at the start of battle. Applies a random buff on each subsequent turn.
(4/4) When inflicting an elemental or spiritual ailment in battle, permanently increases party's Attack. Stacks up to 5 times.
(4/4) While using an active skill attack, inflicts Bleed on the target, dealing 10% damage, up to 2000 HP.
+1 reason to live
+3 Insta-kill Level
-1, Awakening of Desire, Persona Awakens, -1
-1, Escape
-1, Fleeting Illusions
-1, Into the Metaverse
-1, It's Showtime
-1, Rebellious Phantom Thief, -1
-1, Robroy
-1,Crossroads of Fate
-1,Impending Ruin,-1
...are you stupid
0 0 0 * * ?
1 More:,Highlight:,Gun Attack:,Melee Attack:
1,2,3,4,5
1,Phys ASN
1,Phys DSR
1,Phys GRD
1,Phys STG
1,Phys SWP
1. At the end of Zouchouten's turn, it selects a random Phantom Thief to attack on the next turn.\n2. While Ippon-Datara is present, Zouchouten's Attack is increased.\n3. While High Pixie is present, Zouchouten's Defense is increased.
1. At the start of battle, 3 Warriors will appear.\nWhen the Warriors are defeated, Valkyrie will receive a buff, and 1 more of the same Warrior will reappear.\n2. When 3 Warriors have been defeated, the Warriors will leave and Valkyrie will appear.\n3. When Setanta is defeated, Valkyrie receives the following effect: When using a skill, Attack is greatly increased.\nLasts for 2 turns. Stacks up to 3 times.\n4. When Cu Chulainn is defeated, Valkyrie receives the following effect: After attacking, all Phantom Thieves' damage taken is increased.\nLasts for 2 turns. Stacks up to 3 times.\n5. When Narcissus is defeated, Valkyrie receives the following effect: After using a skill, makes an additional multi-target follow-up attack.\nStacks up to 3 times.
1. At the start of battle, all Phantom Thieves will gain 10 stacks of Great Tengu Power.\nEach stack increases Attack and Defense by 5%.\n2. Every turn, as well as every time the Phantom Thief uses a skill, they lose 1 Great Tengu Power and Kurama Tengu gains 1 Great Tengu Power.\n3. Kurama Tengu will summon Sudama, who will flee after 1 turn.\nIf Sudama is defeated, all Phantom Thieves gain 5 stacks of Great Tengu Power.
1. At the start of battle, Asura gains 2 Vajra Armor stacks and restores 1 stack each turn.\nEach stack reduces damage taken by 15%.\n2. When Asura takes damage from its weakness, it loses 1 Vajra Armor stack.\n3. When Asura loses all Vajra Armor stacks, all Phantom Thieves gain Demon Subjugation, increasing their damage.
1. At the start of battle, Belphegor randomly selects 1 Phantom Thief, greatly increasing their max HP, but reducing their remaining HP to 5%.\n2. The higher the HP percentage of the Phantom Thief, the more damage will be dealt.\n3. Belphegor will summon Mokoi, who will flee after 1 turn.\nIf Mokoi is defeated, all Phantom Thieves restore 30% HP.
1. At the start of battle, Mara summons 4 Decarabias.\n2. Mara maintains 4 Decarabias on the field.\n3. When Decarabia is defeated, Mara loses a certain amount of HP.\n4. When Weakened, damage dealt to Decarabia is added to your score.
1. At the start of battle, Oberon and Titania each gain 5 Fairy Power, decreasing damage taken by 4% per stack.\n2. Each time Oberon or Titania is defeated, the other will spend 1 Fairy Power to summon them again.\n3. When their Fairy Power is depleted, Oberon and Titania will be weakened, greatly increasing their damage taken.\nLasts for 2 turns, after which they regain 5 Fairy Power.
1. At the start of battle, Seiryu gains 2 Azure Scales stacks, and gains 1 more stack every turn.\nEach stack decreases damage taken by 15%.\n2. When Seiryu takes weakness damage, it loses 1 Azure Scales stack.\n3. When Seiryu loses all Azure Scales stacks, all Phantom Thieves gain Azure Power, increasing their damage.
1. At the start of the battle, Okuninushi becomes invincible and does not attack, instead summoning 4 random enemies.\n2. Nigi Mitama: After 3 turns, it unleashes a powerful area attack skill.\n3. Kushi Mitama: It has low HP but high attack power.\nIt targets the Phantom Thief with the lowest HP and attacks with an insta-kill skill.
1. Baphomet will summon minions during the battle.\nWhen a minion is defeated, Baphomet takes Almighty damage based on the minion's max HP.\n2. Baphomet will restore all Phantom Thieves' SP each turn, but also inflicts Devilish Hex on the Phantom Thief with the highest Attack, greatly decreasing their damage.
1. Baphomet will summon minions during the battle.\nWhen a minion is defeated, Baphomet takes Almighty damage based on the minion's max HP.\n2. Baphomet will restore all Phantom Thieves' SP each turn, but also inflicts Devilish Hex on the Phantom Thief with the highest Attack, greatly decreasing their damage.\n3. When a minion is knocked down, all Phantom Thieves' damage is increased by 15%. Lasts for 1 turn.
1. Cerberus will summon minions during the battle.\nWhen a minion is defeated, Cerberus takes Almighty damage.\n2. When Cerberus has taken a certain amount of damage, it moves to the next phase, and all Phantom Thieves restore SP.
1. Daisoujou cannot be targeted or defeated.\n2. Shadows and Sarasvati will appear on the field. Shadows will deal a set amount of damage to Daisoujou, and Sarasvati will heal Daisoujou.\n3. At the start of the battle, Daisoujou has 1% of its max HP. Victory is acheived if Daisoujou's HP is healed to 100%.\nThe battle is lost if Daisoujou's HP is too low. Be mindful of Daisoujou's remaining HP.\n4. Quickly defeat the Shadows while protecting Sarasvati.
1. Due to the erosion of Mementos, after any Phantom Thief's action, all Phantom Thieves lose 5% HP.\n2. After all Phantom Thieves receive healing, their damage increases by 25%. Lasts 2 turns. Stacks up to 2 times.
1. Each time Gabriel loses 33% of its max HP, it summons Dominion.\nWhen Dominion is on the field, all of Gabriel's affinities change to Resist.\n2. When Gabriel's HP falls below 33%, it summons 2 Powers every 3 turns.\n3. When Power is on the field, all of Gabriel's affinities change to Null.
1. Each turn, Zaou-Gongen gains 15 Vajra Shield stacks. Each stack decreases damage taken by 5%.\n2. When Zaou-Gongen takes damage from a skill or additional effect, it loses 1 stack of Vajra Shield.\n3. When Zaou-Gongen loses all stacks of Vajra Shield, all Phantom Thieves gain Demon Power, increasing their damage.
1. Every 3 turns, Anubis will curse 1 Phantom Thief, dealing 50% of their max HP as damage and knocking them down.\nThe curse is lifted when the cursed Phantom Thief's HP is fully healed.\n2. If the curse is not lifted within 2 turns, the Phantom Thief will be KO'd.
1. Every turn, as well as every time the Phantom Thieves use a skill, the entire party gains 1 stack of Great Tengu Power.\n2. When the Phantom Thieves take damage, they lose 3 stacks of Great Tengu Power.\n3. When Great Tengu Power reaches a certain number of stacks, an additional effect is gained.\n5 stacks: damage increases by 20%.\n10 stacks: damage increases by 50%.
1. Hariti has extremely high damage reduction, making it difficult to deal damage with direct attacks.\n2. When Hariti's turn ends, it spends its own HP to fully heal all other Shadows, losing HP equal to the amount healed.\n3. At the start of Hariti's turn, it summons 1 Agathion.\nHariti's damage increases by 30% for each Agathion on the field.
1. Kartikeya leads its army of birds to attack all at once.\n2. When Garuda and Jatayu take damage from a Phantom Thief, that Thief's damage increases by 4%.\nLasts for 3 turns. Stacks up to 5 times.\nWhen Horus and Yatagarasu take damage from a Phantom Thief, that Thief's Pierce Rate increases by 2%.\nLasts for 3 turns. Stacks up to 5 times.
1. King Frost will not attack, but will continuously summon Jack Frost and Black Frost.\nWhen they are defeated, King Frost loses 30% HP.\n2. The longer Jack Frost and Black Frost stay on the field, the more their Attack and Defense will increase.
1. Leanan Sidhe will first remove its own debuffs, and then remove Unicorn's debuffs.\nIf neither of them have any debuffs, it uses an attack skill.
1. Melchizedek gains 6 stacks of Divine Protection each turn, and each stack of Divine Protection decreases damage taken by 5%.\n2. Melchizedek loses 1 Divine Protection each time it takes damage from a skill or Resonance.\n3. When Melchizedek has lost all Divine Protection, all Phantom Thieves receive Divine Protection, and their damage is increased.
1. Power will summon servants. When a servant is defeated, Power takes Almighty damage based on the servant's max HP.\n2. Power will restore all Phantom Thieves' SP each turn, but also uses Angel's Bindings on the Phantom Thief with the highest Attack, greatly decreasing their damage.
1. Sraosha will summon servants during the battle.\nWhen a servant is defeated, Sraosha takes Almighty damage based on the servant's max HP.\n2. Sraosha will restore all Phantom Thieves' SP each turn, but also uses Debilitate on the Phantom Thief with the highest Attack, greatly decreasing their damage.\n3. When a servant loses a Down Point, all Phantom Thieves' damage is increased by 15%. Lasts for 1 turn.
1. Take-Minakata deals more damage the lower its HP is.\n2. When Take-Minakata's HP is low, it will summon 4 War God's Spirits, and after 1 turn absorb all of them.\nFor each one absorbed, it restores 25% of its max HP.\nIf the Phantom Thieves defeat all of the War God's Spirits, Take-Minakata will be defeated.
1. Take-Minakata deals more damage the lower its HP is.\n2. Whenever Take-Minakata uses a skill, it loses 20% of its current HP, and gains a Shield equal to 20% of its max HP.\n3. Every 3 turns, Take-Minakata summons 1 War God's Spirit. If it is defeated in 1 turn, all Phantom Thieves' Attack is increased.\nIf it is not defeated in 1 turn, Take-Minakata absorbs the War God's Spirit, and gains a Shield equal to 50% of its max HP.
1. The moon changes phases, starting with New Moon.\nIt follows a sequence of New Moon, Waxing Crescent, Full Moon, and Waning Crescent.\n2. Depending on the phase of the moon, Thoth gains the following effects.\nNew Moon: Damage decreases by 50%, and damage taken increases by 50%.\nWaxing Crescent: Damage increases by 50%, and damage taken increases by 50%.\nFull Moon: Damage increases by 50%, and damage taken decreases by 50%.\nWaning Crescent: Damage decreases by 50%, and damage taken decreases by 50%.\n3. When a Clock is on the field, and it is attacked by different attributes, the phase of the moon will change.\nFire, Ice, Electric, and Wind attacks will change the phase in the usual order.\nPsychokinesis, Nuclear, Bless and Curse attacks will change the phase in reverse order.
1. Thoth is the god of the Moon, and Horus is the god of the Sun.\nThey govern over day and night respectively. If Thoth is attacked, it will become night. If Horus is attacked, it will become day.\n2. During the day, Thoth's damage is decreased by 70%, and its damage taken is increased by 70%.\nAt night, its damage is increased by 70%, and its damage taken is decreased by 70%.\nThe effects of day and night on Horus are the opposite.
1. When Eligor's HP falls below 70% or 30%, it summons 1 minion.\nWhile the minion is present, Eligor's damage increases and its damage taken decreases.\n2. The minion will attack the Phantom Thief with the lowest percentage of remaining HP.
1. When Unicorn is affected by a debuff, its Attack and Defense are permanently decreased. This effect can stack.\n2. When Unicorn uses Charge and is affected by a debuff while Charging, it immediately counterattacks with a powerful skill and removes the debuff.
1. When Yamata-no-Orochi's HP reaches 0, it revives with new affinities and skills. It can revive up to 4 times.
10% chance to receive 500 Railway Coins. 90% chance to receive nothing.
10% HP Recovery
10% SP Recovery
10,Curse ASN
10,Curse DSR
10,Curse STG
10,Curse SWP
100%
100% chance to activate the 2-set effect of one Charm.
11,Almighty DSR
11,Almighty GRD
11,Almighty SWP
11,Beginner
12 Funny Comedians
120 or more PERFECT notes.
150 or more PERFECT notes.
180 or more PERFECT notes.
1F Hallway
1st Exhibition Room
1st Formation
2 Million+ Copies Sold, Thank You
2 Weaknesses
2,Gun ASN
2,Gun GRD
2. On Leanan Sidhe's action, for each Shadow with Fairy's Blessing, the count increases by 1.\nWhen the count reaches 2, Fairy's Dance activates, dealing heavy damage to all Phantom Thieves.
2. When the Monkey Mask, Tanuki Form, Tiger Claws, or Snake Tail Shadows are defeated, the corresponding effects will be removed from Nue.\n3. When all 4 effects have been removed, Nue will become Weakened.
2. When Yaksini is hit by a normal attack, it gains 1 Yaksha, increasing its Attack for each stack.
2. When Yaksini is hit by a normal attack, it gains 1 Yaksha,\nincreasing its Attack for each stack.
2.5 Monthly Card Set
2.5 Monthly Card Set (Lufel)
20% chance to activate the 4-set effect of one Charm.
2000 IQ challenge time v(*\xb4\u2200\uff40*)v
2017 New Years Illustration
2018 New Years Illustration
210 or more PERFECT notes.
25
26
2\u2605 (Starter weapon)
2F
2F Hallway
2F Security Room Entrance
2nd ep already??? the human didn't quit?
2nd Exhibition Room
2nd Formation
2x damage for 5 s. Charge 30 s.
2x score for 10 s. Charge 10 s.
2x score for 6 s. Charge 30 s.
2x score for 7 s. Charge 25 s.
2x score for 8 s. Charge 20 s.
2x score for 9 s. Charge 15 s.
3 Fools
3,Fire ASN
3,Fire DSR
3,Fire GRD
3,Fire SWP
3-Spade Reversal
3. When Koropokguru is defeated, all of Shiki-Ouji's affinities are reset, and it loses all Side Effects.
3. When Matador's Spirit is defeated, Matador will lose its motivation, and also lose Master Step.\nIt will become unable to act for 2 turns.\nAfter 2 turns, its motivation will return, and it will regain Master Step.
30 fps,60 fps
30 fps,60 fps,120 fps
30 or more PERFECT.
300 or more PERFECT notes.
3\u2605
3D Cactus Puzzle
3F Hallway
3rd Formation
3x damage for 8 s. Charge 25 s.
4,Ice ASN
4,Ice DSR
4,Ice GRD
4,Ice MDC
4,Ice STG
4,Ice SWP
4. Saki Mitama: It has high HP and Defense, but its Defense decreases each turn.
4. When Yamata-no-Orochi is defeated, 4 Shadows appear.
4. While Succubus is present, Zouchouten's critical rate is increased.\n5. When all Shadows besides Zouchouten are defeated, Zouchouten will activate a special skill after 3 turns.
44
48-Sided 3D Puzzle
4\u20135\u2605 Special Most Wanted Draw
4\u2605 (Event)
4\u2605 (Obtained from gacha)
4\u2605 Special Most Wanted Draw
4th Formation
4WD Tanks
4x damage for 10 s. Charge 20 s.
5 or less MISS notes.
5,Elec ASN
5,Elec DSR
5,Elec MDC
5,Elec STG
5,Elec SWP
5. When the other Shadows are defeated, Okuninushi will be Weakened, and can be attacked.\nLasts for 2 turns.\n6. When Okuninushi's HP falls below 66%, it becomes invincible again and randomly summons 4 more enemies.\n7. When the Shadows are defeated, Okuninushi becomes Weakened again.
50% chance to increase Railway Coins by half. 50% chance to decrease Railway Coins by half. (Up to 1 attempt)
50% chance to increase Railway Coins by half. 50% chance to decrease Railway Coins by half. (Up to 2 attempts)
50% chance to increase Railway Coins by half. 50% chance to decrease Railway Coins by half. (Up to 3 attempts)
50% chance to increase Railway Coins by half. 50% chance to decrease Railway Coins by half. (Up to 4 attempts)
50% chance to increase Railway Coins by half. 50% chance to decrease Railway Coins by half. (Up to 5 attempts)
50% chance to increase target's Fire/Ice damage taken by 5% for 2 turns.
50% chance to receive 1 Lost Item.
50% chance to receive 1 Lost Item.\n50% chance to enter a battle.
50% chance to receive 10 Railway Coins.\n50% chance for party to lose 1% HP.
50% chance to receive 120 Railway Coins. 50% chance to lose 20 Railway Coins.
50% chance to receive 150 Railway Coins.\n50% chance for party to lose 70% HP.
50% chance to receive 80 Railway Coins.\n50% chance for party to lose 20% HP.
550,000+ Copies Sold, Thank You
5\u2605 (03)
5\u2605 (2.0)
5\u2605 (2.3)
5\u2605 (Gacha)
5\u2605 (Nuclear)
5\u2605 Special Most Wanted Draw
5\u2605 Special Most Wanted Draw
5x damage for 13 s. Charge 15 s.
6 episodes, i think. hope the newbies stick around
6,Wind ASN
6,Wind DSR
6,Wind MDC
6,Wind SWP
60 or more PERFECT.
6x damage for 15 s. Charge 15 s.
7,Psy ASN
7,Psy DSR
7,Psy GRD
7,Psy MDC
7,Psy STG
7,Psy SWP
70% and lower
8 Stop
8,Nuke ASN
8,Nuke GRD
8,Nuke MDC
8,Nuke SWP
8. When Okuninushi's HP falls below 33%, it will begin to attack.
9,Bless ASN
9,Bless DSR
9,Bless MDC
9,Bless STG
9,Bless SWP
90 or more PERFECT.
?: Affinity is unknown since you have not attacked it.\nWeakness: Incurs high amounts of damage and can be knocked down.
??? gotta see this
\u2665 this human. \u2665 this show. \u2665 you all. (\xb4\u25bd`\u0283\u2661\u01aa)
\u2665That's all, folks!\u2665 Anyone know when they're doing another season?
\xa1Buenas noches!
A
A 16-year-old girl who ran away from her wealthy family to pursue her dream of becoming a puppeteer.\nIn defiance of her parents who tried to control her life, she is determined to make her own way in the world instead.\nThough she may seem calm and courteous at first glance, she also has an energetic side to her.\nHer codename is Puppet.\nHer initial Persona Duo is Nemertes.
A 19-year-old who dreams of becoming a stuntman for Japanese action films and TV.\nHe has been set on this path ever since his childhood obsession with the action series "Phoenix Ranger Featherman."\nHe's currently living with his relative Kayo Tomiyama.\nHis codename is Leon.\nHis initial Persona Duo is Erytheia.
A 25-year old medical resident working at a hospital in the city.\nHe seems to have a particular reason he's trying to become a doctor...\nWhile he is passionate about learning from various cases, he also has a mischievous side and likes to play pranks using toy eyeballs.\nHe feels that patients are losing their desire to live, and wants to change the world for the better.
A 26-year-old woman who works at a bar in Shibuya.\nHer specialty is flair bartending.\nShe belonged to the dance club in her school days, where she learned all kinds of styles, such as belly dancing, and incorporates that experience into her bartending.\nThough, for some reason, she has decided to give up dancing.\nHer codename is Phoebe.\nHer initial Persona Duo is Urania.
A 44-year-old housewife who lives in the protagonist's neighborhood.\nThey have a friendly relationship, and their families used to get together in the past.\nShe was once a stylist, but retired after she got married.\nShe lives a happy life taking care of her family, but feels a slight tinge of emptiness in her heart.\nShe is known to use the occasional outdated slang from her youth.\nHer codename is Okyann.\nHer initial Persona Duo is Cleodora.
A 75-year-old woman with a penchant for drinking.\nThough she is a friendly soul, she is struggling over how to communicate with her granddaughter, Manaka, who attempted to take her own life.\nA skilled saxophone player, she hasn't picked it up since the death of her husband, who used to be her jazz partner.\nHer codename is Vino.\nHer initial Persona Duo is Ampelos.
A Bake-danuki is a yokai that loves alcohol. Is it possible that some people who often drink alcohol are actually not human at all...?\nObtainable at capsule machines around the city.
A Bank and a New Friend
A beach adored by locals who love swimming. However, it has yet to make a splash on the national stage.
A beach that is easily accessible from the city and perfect for day trips. Every summer, tourists visit its shore in droves.
A beautiful Persona in a bright red flamenco dress. She appears swinging men around by a rose-vine whip, leaving quite a memorable impression. She bears the same name as a free-spirited and passionate heroine appearing in novels and opera.
A Better Tomorrow
A Big Order
A Big Success
A box filled with quantum mysteries. It is said that its contents are unknown until the box is opened.
A broken pocket watch imbued with the owner's obsession.
A bulletin board in the school courtyard with posters for various clubs that I could join.
A business district with many large offices and hotels. A busy area for work and pleasure.
A bustling metropolis is under attack by a mutated gorilla... What lengths will the corrupt governor go to in order to put a stop to this rampaging beast? Will kindness prevail? A moving story of man vs. nature.
A Calm, Yet Forceful Entry
A card binder that lets you store your cards in style.
A carnivorous fish that feeds on shrimp, crabs, and small fish. Its white flesh is extremely firm and elastic.
A carp scooped from a frozen lake in winter. Its flesh is firm and elastic, with a good amount of fat.
A castle appeared right before our eyes.\nIs this really the school?
A castle may rise up in your dreams in just one night, but you must gather the stones to build it after you awake.
A catfish that has grown especially fat. When grilled, it becomes very flavorful and delicious.
A catfish with especially long whiskers. While the taste is no different than usual, it has high ornamental value.
A charming clover that guarantees good luck to its owner.
A Chinese tongue sole, scientifically named "cynoglossus semilaevis". It inhabits the deeper parts of aquaculture ponds and is known for its strong vitality.
A city appeared before us in the desert, and as we discussed what to do, we heard a girl's voice calling out for help...
A college student and musician, who can be found standing on a street corner with her guitar in hand.\nBack in high school, her friends invited to join a band, but due to her shy nature, she opted to play rhythm guitar so that she wouldn't stand out.\nBut even after their band eventually split, her desire to perform didn't fade, and so she keeps on playing.\nHer codename is Chord.\nHer initial Persona Duo is Calliope.
A college student and musician. She stands at a corner of Shibuya Station Square with guitar in hand, challenging herself to put on a successful street performance. Though she may be shy and introverted, she's an incredibly talented guitar player...
A commercial area lined with numerous brand shops. Featuring many historic stores, Ginza stands above as Japan's premier shopping destination.
A common fish. It's nutritious but has a lot of bones, so you need to be careful when eating it.
A cop is framed by a crime lord, and is now on the run from his own police force. Barely escaping with his life, he starts bodybuilding to fight for justice and clear his name. When there's no one else to turn to, the only thing you can trust in... is your muscles.
A Corrupted Flavor
A Creepy Incubus
A crystal ball emanating a mysterious power.
A curious affair
A cursed god of death, evil, and the night in Slavic lore. His name means "Black God," and he is the counterpart of the "White God," Belobog. Despite being feared, he was also worshipped.
A Dash of Discipline
A day after stealing the treasure, an unexpected school assembly was held. There, Kamoshida openly confessed to all of his wrongdoing...
A Day with Shichi-kun
A delicacy that can only be caught in a specific season. Said to be used in exquisite fermented dishes in China.
A delicious barracuda that's rich in fat. It's over 6 feet long and quite difficult to catch.
A Directionless Future
A discount sticker that brings joy when stuck on a price tag.
A disheartened Sakai opens up about her past. Back in high school, she was invited by her friend to join their band. Being shy, she never imagined herself performing, but the opportunity opened her up to the world of music. Even after their band broke up, she didn't want to give up on music...
A display case used to store your Magatama.
A Familiar Palace
A famous painting that seems strange. It is said to be real, but something about it feels off.
A farm managed by the admin.
A fascinating idol...
A female pirate from ancient Scandinavian legend. She was a Geatish princess who fled from an unwanted arranged marriage and took to the seas. She led a crew of young female pirates across the Baltic Sea, until she eventually married the Danish prince who defeated her.
A first-edition pack of a popular trading card game. Contains many offensive cards.
A first-year high school student. She lives with her father, who runs an izakaya in Zoshigaya.\nKind, caring and with a strong sense of responsibility, she looks after the children who live in her neighborhood.\nShe wishes to become a nurse like her late mother, but has pushed that dream deep down in her heart to take care of her ailing father.\nHer codename is Marian.\nHer initial Persona Duo is Thalia.
A first-year student at Kokatsu Academy. Deeply immersed in a world of fantasy, he is the self-proclaimed "Chosen One". He claims to possess otherworldly powers, but this has left him with few friends and a life of solitude.
A first-year student at the private high school Kokatsu Academy. He is the protagonist's junior.\nThe self-proclaimed Chosen One who boasts of possessing otherworldly powers, but this has left him with few friends and a life of solitude.\nHaving spent much of his childhood alone due to an illness, he immersed himself in books, resulting in his strong affinity for the world of fantasy.\nHe befriends the protagonist, perceiving him to be a fellow Chosen One, and treats him with respect.\nHis codename is Key.\nHis initial Persona Duo is Syke.
A first-year university student from Sichuan, China currently staying in an apartment in Yongen-Jaya. She's an optimistic girl who'll approach anyone with a smile, though she does have a bit of a childish side.
A first-year university student from Sichuan, China studying abroad in Japan.\nWhile she can seem a bit childish due to her optimistic and easy-going nature, she is deeply considerate of those around her.\nShe's on a quest for purpose through her studies in Japan, but doesn't have a clear idea of what that looks like yet.\nHer codename is Rin.\nHer initial Persona Duo is Meng Po.
A fish sometimes used in medicine. It is popular for its tender texture and rich aroma.
A fish that has been artificially detoxified. Its scales are beautiful and vibrant, making it highly valuable both as food and for ornamental purposes.
A fish that has been specially cultivated to have no fishy smell. It is extremely expensive.
A fish widely distributed along coastal areas. Naturally cautious and cunning, it requires great skill to catch.
A Flashy Opening Ceremony
A flurry of banknotes was scattered all throughout the Palace.\nIf only it was all real... Each of the Thieves imagined the limitless possibilities.
A food fight with a\ngourmet critic?\nSounds boring.
A Food Fight, huh?\nSounds interesting.
A former dance instructor finds herself working at a strict retirement home. She tries to help the elderly residents regain their vitality by spreading the joy of dance, but will the director of the home approve of her unconventional methods...?
A fortune teller?\nHmm...
A fourth-edition pack of a popular trading card game. Contains many powerful cards.
A freshwater prawn that can only be caught in a certain season. It tastes better than regular shrimp.
A genius scientist, suffering from split personality disorder, is sentenced to life in prison. But when he learns that his wife has been diagnosed with a life-threatening disease, he is determined to find the cure... even if that means doing so from behind bars.
A giant eel far exceeding the usual size. It will probably cause a bidding war at the fish market.
A giant prawn as big as your arm. It's a premium item at seafood restaurants.
A giant snake with eight heads that Susano-o defeated to save Kushinada-hime. The legendary sword Ame-no-Murakumo-no- Tsurugi, also known as the "Sword of Kusanagi," emerged from its belly.
A girl one year younger than Joker.\nShe boasts an incredibly mathematical brain along with a prodigious talent for computer programming, but struggles with social communication.She lives a cloistered life trapped in her own home.\nShe encounters Joker one day and awakens her abilities as a Persona-user.\nHer codename is Oracle.\nHer initial Persona is Necronomicon.
A Girl Rediscovering Herself
A goddess of the underworld in Chinese mythology. She boils medicinal herbs found in the underworld to create a soup known as the Waters of Oblivion, and anyone who drinks it will lose their memories. Any souls on their way to reincarnation must drink the soup in order to be reborn, but those who do not will retain memories of their past life.
A great street performer!
A group of lazy monks are shocked to discover that their forest has been cut down to build a soccer stadium, and decide to fight back by forming their own soccer team. Can they use their martial art skills to win the international soccer league and take back their land?
A guidebook with information on how to navigate the metro lines in comfort.
A heavy flower pot with blooming, colorful flowers.
A hero set that emits light and sound at the press of a button.
A herring caught using special techniques. Even its internal organs are in perfect condition.
A higher pierce rate increases the percentage of Defense that is ignored when dealing damage to foes.
A higher SP recovery rate increases the amount of SP that is restored each turn.
A higher status ailment accuracy increases the chance of inflicting status ailments (and some special effects) on foes.
A higher status ailment resistance decreases the chance of being inflicted with a status ailment (and some special effects).
A Hundred Flowers Blooming
A kid genius who, at just 10 years of age, was accepted into an overseas university.\nGifted in mathematics ever since she was young, she can solve complex equations far beyond the comprehension of the average elementary school students.\nBright and innocent, she approaches anything that intrigues her with childlike wonder, eager to solve it.\nHer codename is Riddle.\nHer initial Persona Duo is Daeira.
A kitsune's wedding is said to be an omen of good fortune. Humans who witness it may be blessed with good luck.\nObtainable at capsule machines around the city.
A laid-back neighborhood despite its proximity to Ikebukuro.\nGreat for getting away from the hustle and bustle to relax.
A landowner! So to speak.
A large cultivated fish. Delicious, with skin rich in gelatin.
A large dace. It's larger than average and fetches a high price.
A large display case with multiple shelves. I could use them to show off my capsule collection.
A large fan you can purchase at festival stands.
A large fish with scales the color of roses. It has a beautiful shape reminiscent of the moon. A rare fish that can only be caught under special conditions.
A large pearl-spot chromis. It has a lot of meat and few bones, and can be sold at a high price.
A large sole. Due to its unique habitat, it is known for being difficult to catch.
A large sturgeon rarely found in fishing ponds. Generally only found in high-difficulty ponds.
A larger and more lively mullet. Extremely difficult to catch.
A legendary creature that appears in Greek mythology. She is the younger sister of the rainbow goddess Iris, but unlike her, she is often depicted with wings and talons like a bird. In one story she attacked the prophet Phineus, but was driven off by Jason and the Argonauts. Her name means "woman who steals".
A legendary hero and thief from Slovakia. He would steal from the rich, but never took a life, and shared his spoils with the poor and common people. He was eventually executed on false charges, but even after his death, his name lived on in novels and poetry as a symbol of resisting tyranny.
A limited-time high-volume drink. Apparently drinking it increases wealth.
A little help was enough for the flowers to bloom on their own.
A lively neighborhood with a history dating back to before the Edo period, offering restaurants, temples, and an amusement park that make it perfect for tourism.
A lot of people got\nhurt by the Subway\nSlammer, huh?
A lot of students\nare skipping school\nthese days.
A lousy student finds himself on the verge of being held back a year at school. When he uncovers the power to enter people's minds, he delves into his teacher's head in search of the answers to the exam that will decide his fate...
A luxury item that can only be purchased by the finest restaurants. Dishes made with this are said to be very expensive.
A mackerel that is rarely caught. It's near-perfect in both fat content and size.
A Malabar grouper which was bought for a high price by the fishing pond owner. It's delicious and always worth catching.
A Marvelous Mind
A Massive Ice Rink
A mature specimen weighing almost two pounds. Extremely rare and can even substitute for premium trout.
A meal delivered extremely fast. Its contents change daily.
A meaty jack mackerel. It has more fat and is larger than a regular horse mackerel.
A mecca for fashion and street art. It also features many trendy caf\xe9s and street food vendors.
A message from\nthe admin of HWO
A minnow that has eaten a lot of shrimp. It has stored a lot of nutrients in its body, giving it a fresh, delicious flavor.
A Miss can become a Perfect once every 10 seconds
A moderately-sized residential area with a shopping district and easy access to Tokyo and Chiba.
A more fatty white crucian carp. It's more suitable for raw consumption than common varieties.
A motorcycle policeman goes undercover to investigate a hijacking case, only to find himself embroiled in the feud dividing the underbelly of the town... A high-octane thrill ride that'll have you on the edge of your seat!
A mysterious blonde girl. She is quite powerful, despite her looks. Some say she is the ghost of a girl who died a sad death. Others say she is a spirit born from someone's imagination.
A mysterious catlike creature.\nHe can communicate with humans and claims to be able to transform into various objects, yet many things about him remain shrouded in mystery.\nAlthough he can be aggressive at times, he's also incredibly selfless and supports his teammates.\nHe often exclaims, "I'm not a cat!"\nHis codename is Mona.\nHis initial Persona is Zorro.
A mysterious creature that appears before the protagonist in the form of an owl.\nHe can communicate with certain humans, and begins living alongside the protagonist in Tokyo after a certain turn of events.\nWhile his antiquated vocabulary can confuse those around him, he possesses a calm disposition and a wealth of knowledge on the Metaverse.\nNestled comfortably in the protagonist's bag throughout the day, he gives sound advice and makes for a generally great companion.\nHis codename is Cattle.\nHis initial Persona is Robroy.
A mysterious girl that the protagonist meets in a virtual world.\nShe had been buying up virtual land and not doing anything with it until, at the protagonist's suggestion, they start cultivating a farm together.\nCheerful and friendly, she has a somewhat refined manner of speech, though the identity of the person behind the avatar remains unknown.\nHer codename is Bui.\nHer initial Persona Duo is Apseudes.
A mysterious young man often found at the fishing pond.\nSomething about him seems to draw the fish to him, even without him casting a line, which has earned him the title of Fish Whisperer.\nWhile little is known about him, he has gained the respect of the other regulars of the fishing pond.\nThough rumor has it that he may be running away from something.\nHis codename is Sepia.\nHis initial Persona Duo is Gorgyra.
A mystical mushroom containing the power of prayer. Also tastes good.
A neighborhood combining Yokohama's Chinatown with the laid-back shopping streets of Motomachi.
A neighborhood with many faces, where bustling, colorful markets coexist alongside intellectual art galleries and museums.
A new restaurant's\nopening soon. I\nwanna try it.
A New Teammate
A Non-Alcoholic Cocktail
A nymph from Greek mythology said to reside in an orchard, and one of the Hesperides. The island of Hesperides was at the far western edge of the world, and she guarded the golden apple tree that grew there. Her name means "the red woman".
A nymph from the underworld in Greek mythology. She is an attendant of the underworld goddesses Hecate and Persephone. The torch she carries is said to drive people to madness.
A one-year wait for\na reservation?\nUnbelievable.
A Palace in outer space? I didn't realize that was even possible...
A passing comment by a customer seems to have awakened memories of the past for Shiina. I cheered her up by making her a cocktail...
A Persona bearing the name of a grimoire that was inscribed with boundless wisdom and magical arts. Its appearance seems to be based on an unidentified flying object. Perhaps it symbolizes Futaba's unknown powers.
A Persona in an eye-catching costume straight out of an ukiyo-e painting. It carries a large pipe and has the face of a kabuki actor. It calls to mind tales of the legendary thief Ishikawa Goemon.
A Persona of a noblewoman in a beautiful dress, embroidered with fleur-de-lis. However, underneath her skirt, she is hiding a powerful weapon. She shares her name with the heroine of "The Three Musketeers".
A Persona who appears with a flowing cloak, bow in hand. It bears the name of a legendary thief from medieval England, who lives on in bards' tales passed down through the ages.
A Persona whose face is like a mask, with great black wings. The name of "Ars\xe8ne" brings to mind the famous phantom thief Ars\xe8ne Lupin, but what is the true origin of this Persona, and what power is contained within?
A Persona with a skull-shaped head and a cannon for an arm. He's an imposing sight riding atop a black ship lined with guns. He seems to share his name with an infamous pirate known for repeated acts of plunder...
A Pirate Captain will appear in this stage.\nWhen defeated, he will drop a treasure chest. Shoot the treasure quickly to earn a large amount of points.
A Pitcher's Purpose
A pledge to protect, sealed by blades and roses.\nWitness the conviction of Cherish's soul, and earn rewards upon challenge completion.
A point card designed with Marthym's logo.
A popular and convenient area with quick access to Shibuya. Rumors say it's home to a caf\xe9 famous for its coffee and specialty curry.
A popular commuter town with excellent public transit and a fiercely competitive ramen scene.
A popular edible fish in Japan. Delicious whether boiled or fried.
A popular edible fish. It has bright red scales.
A popular shop that sells lovely flowers. I could buy gardening supplies here.
A potted plant that continues to grow rapidly.
A private clinic with irregular hours. Only a select few seem to have seen the doctor inside. I can buy medicine here.
A promising bond that seems to provide a good return on investment.
A puzzle rally is being held at Shibuya Station Square, and a young girl and I notice an error in one of the puzzles.
A quiet shop in the heart of the city. It sells flowers, art, and household goods. I can buy gardening supplies here.
A rare adult turbot. Due to its large size, it would likely take several people to reel it in.
A rare large bonito. A valuable catch that's difficult to reel in even in the wild.
A rare star snapper over three feet in length. You could sell it to fish enthusiasts for a high price.
A rare wild minnow. Rich in amino acids and difficult to catch.
A rare, extra-large wild greasy grouper, said to be used for state banquet-level dishes at high-end restaurants.
A rarely-seen pearl-spot chromis. Even the most common ones can be sold at a high price.
A red snapper that can only be caught during the migratory season. The roe inside is exquisite.
A red snapper that inhabits fast-flowing waters. Only experienced anglers can catch it. Rich in nutrients.
A red-headed lass with a silver tongue uses her sharp wits and intelligence to rise to the ranks of pirate captain! A grand adventure spanning the seven seas.
A replica of a rare item received from an in-person event for a popular game.
A replica of a shield made to resemble an item from a popular game.
A replica of a sword made to resemble an item from a popular game.
A resort area that's home to Destinyland.
A rising idol with a knack for character creation, meeting her was truly a blessing. Please look forward to the next special contract I prepare for you.
A rockfish raised with high-quality shrimp and crab. Tastier than regular rockfish.
A satirical comedy about three foolish office workers who strive to overcome their oppressive workplace and achieve success through inspiring dance numbers.
A savings box shaped like a pig.
A Scottish folk hero. He was a wealthy cattleman who lost his fortune to a nobleman, and then fought to reclaim it. He was accused of treason and imprisoned, but his story was so well-loved that he was pardoned.
A scratch-off ticket where you match up identical pictures. Looks to be a winner.
A sea goddess from Greek mythology, and one of the Nereides. She is one of the daughters of the sea deities Nereus and Doris, and is well known for her honesty. Her name means "unerring" and "truthful".
A sea nymph who appears in Greek mythology, she is the goddess who protects sailors at sea. Originally a princess of Thebes, she was granted divinity by Zeus after her death. Because she saved Odysseus when he was shipwrecked, she became known as the guardian of sailors. Her name means "white goddess".
A second-edition pack of a popular trading card game. Contains many strategic cards.
A second-year high school student at a different school than the protagonist.\nHe is the ace of his school's fencing club, and skilled enough to have won several tournaments in a row.\nHowever, this dedication to fencing has kept him from developing good relationships with his clubmates.\nHe is a fan of the author Toshia Soomy and loves reading his books before competitions.\nHis codename is Fleuret.\nHis initial Persona Duo is Leucothea.
A second-year high school student at Kokatsu Academy.\nShe is calm, reliable and very observant, always taking care of those around her.\nHaving hung up her baseball mitt, she spends her days challenging herself at as many part-time jobs as she can manage.\nThis summer, she's working at a beach house to help revive its business, earning the name Part-Timing Passerby Tomoko for herself.\nHer codename is Moko.\nHer initial Persona is Prosymna.
A second-year high school student at Kokatsu Academy.\nShe is in the same class as the protagonist.\nCheerful, caring and gifted at sports, she is very popular around campus.\nNo longer burdened by her past, she gleefully races along the summery coastline, feeling as though she can finally enjoy her youth.\nA series of events lead to her awakening as a Persona-user.\nHer codename is Closer.\nHer initial Persona is Awilda.
A second-year high school student with Japanese and French ancestry.\nA figure skater since childhood, a sudden injury and a slew of internet harassment have pushed her into a slump, keeping her from returning to the ice.\nHer codename is Mont.\nHer initial Persona Duo is Terpsichore.
A second-year high school student, Yukimi lost her father when she was young, leaving her to be raised by her cold, overbearing mother.\nThough they don't see eye-to-eye, she still wants to rise to her mother's expectations.\nShe dreams of becoming a lawyer instead of taking over her mother's business.\nHer codename is Yuki.\nHer initial Persona Duo is Styx.
A second-year high school student.\nAlthough his words and actions can be crude, he has a caring, dependable, and outgoing personality.\nAfter meeting Joker, he awakens his abilities as a Persona-user.\nHis codename is Skull.\nHis initial Persona is Captain Kidd.
A second-year high school student.\nHe takes a special art course focused on painting.\nHis attractive appearance draws attention, but his unique artistic sensibilities often lead to him being out of touch with others.\nA turn of events leads him to befriend Joker and awaken his abilities as a Persona-user.\nHis codename is Fox.\nHis initial Persona is Goemon.
A second-year high school student.\nOne day, with his back against the wall, his powers as a Persona-user awakened.\nHis codename is Joker.\nHis initial Persona is Ars\xe8ne.
A second-year high school student.\nShe's an attractive girl who is one quarter American and models on the side.\nShe's free-spirited and has an honest personality, but due to her striking appearance, she's isolated from everyone around her.\nAfter meeting Joker, an incident acts as a catalyst to awaken her abilities as a Persona-user.\nHer codename is Panther.\nHer initial Persona is Carmen.
A second-year student at Kokatsu Academy, belonging to class 2-D. She's been friends with Motoha since elementary school, and was battery mates with her in little league, where they won countless games together.
A second-year student at the private high school Kokatsu Academy.\nHis awkwardness and poor social skills keep him from having many friends his age.\nHowever, he is deeply compassionate, and has a close bond with the owner of an old ramen shop who took him on as an apprentice from a young age.\nWhile training to become a chef, he is suddenly forced to quit, and through a certain course of events, awakens his powers as a Persona-user.\nHis codename is Soy.\nHis initial Persona is Mandrin.
A second-year student at the private high school Kokatsu Academy.\nShe is calm, reliable and very observant, always taking care of those around her.\nObsessed with baseball from a young age, her position is catcher.\nShe used to be battery mates with Motoha, and they won many competitions together.\nHer codename is Moko.\nHer initial Persona Duo is Prosymna.
A second-year student at the private high school Kokatsu Academy.\nShe is in the same class as the protagonist.\nShe is very popular at school, not only for her athletic prowess, but also her sincere, cheerful, and kind personality.\nDespite being talented and well liked, she is still struggling with the aftermath of a traumatic event she experienced in childhood.\nA certain incident leads her to awaken her powers as a Persona-user.\nHer codename is Closer.\nHer initial Persona is Awilda.
A secondhand shop known to have pretty much everything. I could buy materials and items needed for crafting here.
A seedling sprouts from the soil, and the roots spread out deep. New life grows unfettered.
A Shadow that was defeated once before has suddenly appeared again. What is going on here?
A Sharp Shipment
A shopping district lined with famous department stores. From movie theaters to a planetarium, entertainment is around every corner.
A shrimp with a large head and two claws. Delicious, tender, and juicy.
A shy yokai said to bring good fortune to homes. You can only see one in childhood. Perhaps you've encountered one in the past.\nObtainable at capsule machines around the city.
A sincere wish that the world will be free from violence and strife, and that peace will finally come.
A sleek controller that lets you play together with friends.
A slightly unusual lucky cat said to bring good luck.
A slow-swimming fish. Due to its unique body structure, it is suitable for longline and handline fishing.
A Small Order
A snow-covered area.
A spare wallet with some loose change inside.
A special crucian carp raised with care. It's a rare specimen with fewer bones and more tender meat.
A special exchange voucher from Marthym.
A special present received as a bonus for purchasing items.
A special profile card design awarded for pre-registering.
A species of tuna said to be the foundation of the flavor of Japanese cuisine. Often preserved in dried blocks, which are harder than metal.
A spirit of Chinese folklore who dwells in trees once used for hangings.\nShe is smaller than a human and cannot speak,\nbut her voice is said to be as clear and as beautiful as a bird's song.
A stamp card received from clearing trials. You may get bonuses from brining this card to stations.
A star snapper suitable for a high-end restaurant. It has a finer texture than a normal star snapper.
A station that stands at the crossroads of choice.
A store that sells various natural ingredients and seasonal produce. I could buy ingredients here.
A strange blue capsule that hides the truth and grants the power to survive.
A strange medicine that can instantly change your mood.
A strange record containing melodies that boost the listener's vitality.
A strange record containing melodies that concentrate the listener's nerves.
A strange record containing melodies that strengthen the listener's fortitude.
A strange red capsule that reveals the truth and grants the power to fight.
A sturdy shopping bag designed with Marthym's logo.
A sturgeon cultivated for over 10 years. It has eggs in its belly, which can be used to make caviar.
A sweet holy grail swathed in pitch black\n(chocolate parfait)
A swordsman's Persona, dressed in elegant black with a mask to hide his identity. The "Z" on his belt seems to be his trademark. He's reminiscent of the famous noble swashbuckler, Zorro...
A takeout spot's soupless tantanmen has caught Shun's eye. When we order it, he's impressed by all the care the shop put into its preparation.
A teapot-shaped lamp that grants wishes to those who rub it.
A tengu mask said to ward off evil spirits.
A thank you illustration created to\ncommemorate Persona 5 selling\nover 2 million copies.
A thank you illustration created to\ncommemorate Persona 5 selling\nover 550,000 copies.
A thick envelope containing a talisman to protect against ill will.
A Thief's Memories
A third-edition pack of a popular trading card game. Contains many technical cards.
A third-year high school student at Kokatsu Academy, she is the talented and beautiful chair of the disciplinary committee. Her father owns Umetane, a corporation that operates several food businesses nationwide, and as his potential successor, she is undergoing rigorous training.
A third-year high school student who is also a famed detective.\nHe has already closed many cases at a young age.\nHis sharp mind, affable nature, and striking looks make him the center of attention.\nA series of events leads to him accompanying Joker and his team in their exploits.\nHis codename is Crow.\nHis initial Persona is Robin Hood.
A third-year high school student,\nand daughter of the CEO of one of the largest food companies in the country.\nHer soft appearance and docile personality present someone capable of maintaining positive relationships,but due to the environment she grew up in, she struggles to find value in building meaningful relationships, often avoiding them altogether.\nA series of events led her to awakening her powers as a Persona-user.\nHer codename is Noir.\nHer initial Persona is Milady.
A third-year high school student.\nShe is intelligent, well mannered, and serves as the student body president.\nCalm and collected, she has a strong sense of responsibility and is quick to take action but due to her straight-forward personality she can also be quite stubborn.\nA series of events trigger her powers as a Persona-user.\nHer codename is Queen.\nHer initial Persona is Johanna.
A third-year student at the private high school Kokatsu Academy.\nShe is the chair of the school disciplinary committee, and heiress to a major company boasting the highest market share of plum product sales in all of Japan.\nHer excellent grades and exemplary conduct have earned her the respect of the students and staff, painting her as a picture-perfect honor student.\nHer keen judgment allows her to guide the Phantom Thieves through even the most precarious of situations unscathed.\nHer codename is Wind.\nHer initial Persona is Chiyome.
A top-choice salmon. It has more fat, giving it a smooth texture that melts in your mouth.
A top-of-the-line merchant such as myself is always ready to handle any situation, but hey, sometimes life throws ya somethin' ya didn't see comin'. I'd sure be grateful if I had a medic on standby.
A town in a far away area.
A trading partner could not be found for the capsule you requested to trade, so it has been returned to you.
A transformation item that plays a voice when the button is pressed. The voice that plays is random.
A transformed elderly cat. They have two tails and can reportedly speak human language.\nObtainable at capsule machines around the city.
A tree spirit from Greek mythology, and one of the Hamadryades. She has 8 sisters. Her name means "fig tree".
A tree spirit from Greek mythology, and one of the Hamadryades. She has 8 sisters. Her name means "grape vine".
A Trick or Two
A tuna that lives in warm water. Tastier than regular bonito.
A turbot weighing over 330 pounds. It has an excellent taste and can even substitute for the more expensive silver cod.
A type of trout with delicious and plump meat. It's popular either fried or as sashimi.
A typical downtown district in Tokyo, Tsukishima is home to many monjayaki restaurants and is rising in popularity.
A vast vacuum of space surrounded the False Palace.\nThe only way to the Core was directly across the dark void. Even the Phantom Thieves couldn't help but feel a touch of uneasiness at the prospect.
A very active and intelligent fish, which often swims in a zigzag pattern. It makes for an interesting fishing target.
A VIP membership card exuding celebrity status.
A water spirit appearing in Greek mythology, and one of the Naiades. She and her sisters Acraea and Euboea served as the nurses to Zeus' wife Hera, and raised her together. Her name means "celebrate in song".
A water spirit from Greek mythology, and one of the Oceanides. She is one of the goddesses who governs the sea, springs and underground waters. She gave birth to a son, Eleusis, with Hermes.
A water spirit from Greek mythology, and one of the Oceanides. She is the deific representation of the river in the underworld separating the realm of the living from the dead. The gods of Olympus are said to drink the waters of the River Styx when they swear oaths.
A water spirit who appears in Greek mythology, a nymph who appears as a female goat. It is also said she actually was a goat. She served as the foster mother of the infant Zeus, nursing him with goat's milk.
A well-constructed built-in closet with a full-length mirror. It's also where I change my clothes.
A well-reputed grocery store. It offers a wide variety of products. I could purchase various items here.
A well-stocked kitchen. I could probably make anything I could dream of with the right ingredients and recipe.
A widely distributed freshwater fish, also known as Chinese perch. It has few bones and is easy to eat.
A wild barbel steed caught in a lake with clean water. It's especially delicious.
A Wild Ride
A wild, uncultivated area.
A wireless radio that can pick up a certain frequency.
A wireless radio that can pick up many different frequencies.
A woman who works at an underground bar in Shibuya. Her specialty is flair bartending. Although she might appear mature at first glance, looks can be deceiving...
A workbench popular with DIY enthusiasts. Its sturdy and practical design makes it perfect for crafting items.
A World of My Own
A worn-out stuffed animal wearing a sad smile.
A yamame with uniquely colored scales. It prefers artificial bait and is highly valued for both ornamental viewing and fishing.
A yokai lurking in the sea. Often appearing in the water at night, they suddenly manifest and sink passing boats.\nObtainable at capsule machines around the city.
A yokai taking a child's form. He pretends to be a lost child and uses his single big eye to scare humans.\nObtainable at capsule machines around the city.
A yokai that loves pranks. They exist to laugh at the sight of humans they fluster and terrorize.\nObtainable at capsule machines around the city.
A young thief battled against a masked adversary in what appeared to be a casino. The person beneath the mask looks just like...
AAAAAA==
AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
AB
Abandon Collectibles
Abandoned Path of Qimranut Area 3
abort abort
About "Hubby"
About "Normality"
About Astounding Revelations
About Awakening Avenue
About Baseball
About Batting Cages
About Books
About Burgers
About Capsule Exchange
About Capsule Machines
About Chili Peppers
About City Life
About Clothes
About Clubs
About Cooking
About Creativity
About Dance
About Discipline
About Dreams
About Enhancement Rush
About Farming
About Fishing
About Game Settings
About Gardening
About Goals
About Harvest World Online
About Home
About Igor
About Kazuki Take
About Leo Kamiyama
About Lufel
About Lufel's "Business" Plan
About Me
About Mementos
About Mixology
About Most Wanted Arms Deals
About Most Wanted Contracts
About Most Wanted Phantom Idol Contracts
About Motoha Arai
About Musubi Matsukata
About Myself
About Narumi Nashimoto
About our Deal
About Our Meeting
About Phantom Idol Contracts
About Praying at Marthym's Shop
About Reading
About Reading the Room
About Recycling
About Revelations
About Schema
About Security Level
About Shadow Hunt
About Shun Kano
About Skills
About Sweet Yet Sour
About Synergy
About Takeyuki Kiuchi
About Tea
About the Arena
About the Band
About the Catch Log
About the Closet
About the Collection
About the Fare Machine
About the Phantom Pass
About the Selfie Machine
About the Soccer Club
About the Soccer Mini-Game
About the Take Your Heart event
About these Concept Caf\xe9s
About Today's Fortune-Telling
About Tomoko Noge
About Training
About Unconditional Love: Phase 1
About Unconditional Love: Phase 1 Goals
About Unconditional Love: Phase 2
About Unconditional Love: Phase 2 Goals
About Unconditional Love: Phase 3
About Us
About Us
About Wage Up
About Watching Movies
About Weapons
About Your Band
About Yukimi Fujikawa
absolutely legendary. this stage is incredible. hats off to the challenger as well.
ABSOLUTELY WILD. THIS CHALLENGER IS THE BEST.
Abundance
Abundance: Moon
Abundance: Sky
Abundance: Star
Abundance: Sun
Abyss Fang
Abyss Fang Shard
Abyssal Gaze
Academic Coordinator's Shadow
Accelerated Playback
Accept or Cancel?
Accept Shadow Kiuchi's challenge and defeat him
Acceptable
Acceptance
Accepted Special Pursuits: City Life
Accepted Special Pursuits: Event
Accepted Special Pursuits: Main Story
Accepted Special Pursuits: Side Mission
Accepted Special Pursuits: Tutorial
According to Lufel, it seems highly likely that the next Palace ruler will be connected to Heritage Kitchen somehow.
According to Merope, it seems several people have already been effected by the ripples of your desire.
Accuracy
Accuracy Up
Achieve 100% exploration progress in Crossroads of Fate: Bank Arc.
Achieve 100% exploration progress in Crossroads of Fate: Castle Arc.
Achieve 100% exploration progress in Crossroads of Fate: Museum Arc.
Achieve 100% exploration progress in Crossroads of Fate: Pyramid Arc.
Achieve 100% exploration progress in Crossroads of Fate: Spaceport Arc.
Achieve a 100+ combo.
Achieve a 100-hit combo
Achieve a 150+ combo.
Achieve a 20-hit combo
Achieve a 200+ combo.
Achieve a 25-hit combo
Achieve a 250+ combo.
Achieve a 30-hit combo
Achieve a 300+ combo.
Achieve a 35-hit combo
Achieve a 350+ combo.
Achieve a 40-hit combo
Achieve a 45-hit combo
Achieve a 450+ combo.
Achieve a 50+ combo.
Achieve a 50-hit combo
Achieve a 60-hit combo
Achieve a 70-hit combo
Achieve a 700+ combo.
Achieve a 80-hit combo
Achieve a 90-hit combo
Achieve a Full Combo.
Achieve Companio rank 1-10 in Nightmare's Gateway.
Achieve Companio rank 101-200 in Nightmare's Gateway.
Achieve Companio rank 11-50 in Nightmare's Gateway.
Achieve Companio rank 200 or lower in Nightmare's Gateway.
Achieve Companio rank 51-100 in Nightmare's Gateway.
Achieve Rank 1 in the Battle award.
Achieve Rank 1 in the City Life award.
Achieve Rank 1 in the Home award.
Achieve Rank 1 in the Metaverse award.
Achieve Rank 1 in the Persona award.
Achieve Rank 1 in the Story award.
Achieve Rank 1 in the Synergy award.
Achieve Rank 1 in the Train/Enhance award.
Achieve Rank 2 in the Battle award.
Achieve Rank 2 in the City Life award.
Achieve Rank 2 in the Home award.
Achieve Rank 2 in the Metaverse award.
Achieve Rank 2 in the Persona award.
Achieve Rank 2 in the Story award.
Achieve Rank 2 in the Synergy award.
Achieve Rank 2 in the Train/Enhance award.
Achieve Rank 3 in the Battle award.
Achieve Rank 3 in the City Life award.
Achieve Rank 3 in the Home award.
Achieve Rank 3 in the Metaverse award.
Achieve Rank 3 in the Persona award.
Achieve Rank 3 in the Story award.
Achieve Rank 3 in the Synergy award.
Achieve Rank 3 in the Train/Enhance award.
Action
Action
Action Point Recovery
Action Report
Actions
Activates suitable Highlights in auto-battle. If turned off, Highlights won't be used in auto-battle.
Activates suitable Support Phantom Thief skills in auto-battle. If turned off, these skills won't be used in auto-battle.
Activates the 4-set effect of one Charm.
Activities
Activities that pass time include working part-time jobs, studying, and hanging out with your accomplices.
Added %s Display Case spaces.
Adding the sugar in...
Additional Treasure Demon Reward
Additional Treasure Demon Reward
Adjust the angle of your bat up or down to match the ball's expected trajectory displayed in the center of the screen.
Adjust the volume for environmental sounds in-game.
Adjusts camera sensitivity on your gamepad.
Adjusts camera sensitivity on your phone.
Adjusts camera sensitivity when using a mouse and keyboard in RPG mode.
Adjusts camera sensitivity when using a mouse and keyboard on classic mode.
Adjusts movement speed of cursor when using Gamepad Cursor Mode.
Adjusts sensitivity for pinch to zoom and other zoom functions on your phone.
Adjusts the volume for background music in-game.
Adjusts the volume for sound effects in-game.
Adjusts the volume for the overall game.
Adjusts the volume for voiced lines in-game.
Adjusts zoom sensitivity on your gamepad.
Adjusts zoom sensitivity when using a mouse and keyboard in RPG mode.
Adjusts zoom sensitivity when using a mouse and keyboard on classic mode.
Admin's Farm
Advanced
Advanced Course
Advanced course unlocked at the batting cages. New prizes will be available at the Batting Points Shop.
Advanced Crafting
Advanced Level
Advanced Tutorial
Advertisement
Advice
After a fierce battle, the Phantom Thieves finally defeated Shadow Madarame and obtained his Treasure: the posthumous work of Yusuke's mother\u2014the real "Sayuri"!
After a Shadow takes damage, damage dealt by all Phantom Thieves increases by 5%.\nStacks up to 10 times.
After acquiring 12 Charms, increase allies' damage dealt by 10% for each additional Charm.
After activating, deal Fire damage as a follow-up equal to 1% of target's max HP.
After activating, increase damage dealt to target by 2%.
After all ally actions, all enemies are inflicted with an elemental ailment, and their taken damage increases by 10%.
After all Phantom Thieves act, inflict all foes with an elemental ailment and increase their damage taken by 10%.
After battle, fully recovers HP of all allies.
After battle, restore HP by 5%.
After being defeated, Shadows take greatly increased damage.
After breaking the glass, you can climb through the window to access the next area.
After changing the heart of Kitazato's mentor, his surgery plan was approved and he was given the go-ahead to operate. He's not sure what caused the sudden change, but he gladly accepted the opportunity...
After completing the survey, you will receive 300 Meta Jewels
After completing the survey, you will receive 300 Meta Jewels
After completing their heist, the Phantom Thieves discussed how to move forward. Finding renewed ambition within themselves, they became all the more determined to stand up against corruption.
After dealing a critical hit, increase critical damage by 10%, up to a maximum of 50% (activates once per skill).
After dealing damage with skills or Resonance, gain 1 Impact stack.\nImpact: Deal 5% final damage for each stack. Lasts for 2 turns. Stacks up to 8 times.
After dealing damage with skills or Resonance, gain 1 stack of Impact. Impact: Deal 5% final damage for each stack. Lasts for 2 turns. Stacks up to 8 times.
After dumbfoundedly watching Ann enter Kamoshida's car, the protagonist hurried to school with Ryuji. As they drew closer, something strange started to happen around them...
After entering the museum, the Phantom Thieves encountered Panther and Fox. It seems that once again, they have been separated from their teammates. In exchange for searching for each other's lost allies, the two groups of Thieves entered into an alliance. During this time, Lufel seemed to grow curious about something.
After finishing up a shift at the diner, we bumped into Kotone again, and the three of us decided to share a big bowl of pasta together.
After foes take damage, party's damage increases by 5%. Maximum of 50%.
After great tribulation, the Phantom Thieves have finally arrived at the Core.\nCan they defeat the perilous final Shadow that awaits, and steal the resplendent Core?
After hearing that Motoha missed the old flavors of Victory Kitchen she remembered from long ago, Shun invites you both to visit Heritage Kitchen that night.
After her last performance was a success, Sakai's confidence has greatly increased. She tells me that she plans to write her own original song, one filled with feelings she wants to express...
After his defeat, Shadow Kaneshiro made a shocking revelation to the Phantom Thieves right before disappearing...
After investigating the Palace, the Phantom Thieves returned to the real world to deliver their calling card to Kaneshiro.
After joining the Phantom Thieves, Motoha felt that she needed to build up her strength, and asked me to be her fitness coach.
After leaping through space, the Phantom Thieves arrived at the final area.\nThe location of the Core is only a small step away. Although they were greeted by powerful Shadows and all manner of obstacles, they continued their advance toward their goal.
After meeting up with Ryuji again, they discussed the strange castle they saw, and decided to attempt entry once again. As the two struggled in their foreign surroundings, Morgana called out to them...
After Ms. Katayama's suspension, the teachers have been unable to control the students.
After our showdown against Miyazawa's shadow, we made our return to the real world, when something unexpected happens...
After overcoming many trials, the Phantom Thieves have finally arrived at the Core.\nWaiting for them was an enormous enemy far beyond their expectations.
After overhearing your conversation with Motoha on the school rooftop, Lufel could see the potential for strong desire within her.
After returning from the real world, the four of them secretly put up calling cards around the school, exposing Kamoshida's evil deeds. The card was signed by "The Phantom Thieves of Hearts".
After School
After school, you can use your free time however you choose. Time is broken up into After School, Evening, and Night periods, and time will pass when you do certain activities.
After seeing how Tomoko's desires and will to live had been stolen from her, Motoha felt renewed motivation to change Kiuchi's heart.
After successfully changing his heart, the man apologizes for his actions. Shiina seems to realize that I had something to do with it, but decides not to press me on it. With her desire restored, Shiina regains the courage to face the world once more. Perhaps she'll even be able to enjoy doing what she loves again.
After that, Ms. Katayama seemed to be irritible during class, and some of the students looked unhappy.
After that, you met up with Riko at a caf\xe9 in Kichijoji, and asked her about the information she got from the PC.
After the Battle
After the boss takes a certain amount of damage, it will enter a weakened state. Attack it while it's weakened to gain extra points.
After the boss takes a certain amount of damage, it will enter the next phase and become weakened for two turns. While weakened, it will be unable to fight back and its Damage Taken will greatly increase.
After the boss takes a certain amount of damage, it will enter the next phase and become weakened for two turns. While weakened, it will be unable to fight back and its Damage Taken will greatly increase.
After the end of your shift, your friends may also stop by the shaved ice stand.\nTheir orders will count toward your total sales, so be sure to serve them the shaved ice they want.
After their rest, the Phantom Thieves began a search for the third ball.\nAlthough they hoped for a quick job, things didn't appear to be that simple.
After this second successful change of heart, the bonds between the Phantom Thieves have grown even stronger.
After using a skill, insta-kill enemies that have less than 10% HP remaining (excluding bosses).
After using a support skill, you cannot use another until your allies have taken a certain number of actions.\nThe number of actions required for use varies depending on the skill.
After winning the next 2 battles, receive 100 Railway Coins instead of a Charm.
Afternoon
Afternoon classes\nare such a drag.
Afterwards, Lufel told you about the evil deeds committed by a Menace named Takeyuki Kiuchi.
Against Yamagoshi's will, Miyazawa stamped the papers. Just then, Shun appeared and clashed with Miyazawa again.
Age
Aggressive Assault
Ah, right, right...
Ah... I'm craving\nChinese food...
Ah... I'm tired...
Ahead there was a building resembling a bank, and Fox and Panther recalled past events. While they were talking, Motoha appeared with a new ally named Queen.
Ahh... Sooo full...
Ai Nonaka
Ailment Acc.
Ailment Accuracy
Ailment Resist
Ailment Resist
Ailment Resist.
Ailment Resistance
Aim for The Vault!
Aim for the weakness, and release the button when the gauge is in the red area, and you will be sure to score a goal.
Aim!
Airsoft BBs
Airsoft Shop
Airsoft Shop - Buy Melee Weapon
Airsoft Shop - Buy Ranged Weapon
Airsoft Shop - Customize Weapon
Airsoft Shop - Exchange Weapon
Airsoft Shop - Specialty Weapons
Akasaka Mitsuke
Akashi gave his self-introduction at the morning assembly, and explained what his role would be. The students seemed to have a positive response.
Akashi makes his entrance, and Ms. Katayama is forced into a fierce battle with us...
Akashi's Palace
Akashi's Palace Revisited
Akihabara
Akihabara Arcade
Akihabara Cosplay Caf\xe9
Akihabara Maid Caf\xe9
Algorithm Booster-F1
All
all aboard the hype train!!!
All allies' Ailment Accuracy increases by 20%, and Damage Dealt increases by 10%.
All allies' Attack is decreased by 10%.
All allies' Attack is decreased by 25%.
All allies' Attack is decreased by 50%.
All allies' Defense is decreased by 15%.
All allies' Defense is decreased by 30%.
All allies' Defense is decreased by 60%.
All allies' final damage is increased based on their ailment accuracy. Maximum of 150% ailment accuracy, increasing final damage by 15%.
All allies' healing effect is decreased by 20%.
All allies' healing effects are decreased by 100%.
All allies' healing effects are decreased by 45%.
All allies' HP will be fully restored when a battle ends with an all-out attack (only effective in a Palace or Mementos against Wandering Shadows)
All allies' HP will be fully restored when a battle ends with an all-out attack (only effective in a Palace or Mementos against Wandering Shadows).
All allies' max HP is decreased by 10%.
All allies' max HP is decreased by 20%.
All allies' max HP is decreased by 40%.
All allies' shield effect is decreased by 10%.
All allies' shield effects are decreased by 25%.
All allies' shield effects are decreased by 40%.
All enemies' max HP is decreased by 50%, and heal 10% of max HP at the end of each turn.
All Escape
All foes become weak to Blessing.
All foes become weak to Curse.
All foes become weak to Elec and Bless, but become immune to other random attributes.
All foes become weak to Electric.
All foes become weak to Fire and Psy, but become immune to other random attributes.
All foes become weak to Fire.
All foes become weak to Gun.
All foes become weak to Ice and Nuclear, but become immune to other random attributes.
All foes become weak to Ice.
All foes become weak to Nuclear.
All foes become weak to Physical.
All foes become weak to Psychokinesis.
All foes become weak to Wind and Curse, but become immune to other random attributes.
All foes become weak to Wind.
All foes take 100% increased damage from All-Out Attacks.
All foes' Attack is increased by 10%.
All foes' Attack is increased by 20%.
All foes' Attack is increased by 25%.
All foes' Attack is increased by 50%.
All foes' Bless affinity becomes Resist.
All foes' damage is increased by 10%.
All foes' damage taken is decreased by 10%.
All foes' Defense is increased by 10%.
All foes' Defense is increased by 20%.
All foes' Electric affinity becomes Resist.
All foes' Fire affinity becomes Resist.
All foes' Gun affinity becomes Resist.
All foes' Ice affinity becomes Resist.
All foes' max HP is increased by 10%.
All foes' max HP is increased by 100%.
All foes' max HP is increased by 20%.
All foes' max HP is increased by 25%.
All foes' max HP is increased by 50%.
All foes' Nuclear affinity becomes Resist.
All foes' Physical affinity becomes Resist.
All foes' Psychokinesis affinity becomes Resist.
All foes' Wind affinity becomes Resist.
All he did was shove\npeople. How is that\nnewsworthy?
All In
All Lost Items
All of Naruru's specials
All Resist +1%
All stations other than the Shadow of Discord, Shadow of Suffering, Shadow of Calamity, or Shadow of the Dream-Eater.
All you have experienced only further drives your curiosity.
All-New 4WD Tanks
All-Out Attack
All-Out Attack (Ann)
All-Out Attack (Haruna)
All-Out Attack (Kamiyama)
All-Out Attack (Kotone)
All-Out Attack (Kurotani)
All-Out Attack (Lufel)
All-Out Attack (Miyu)
All-Out Attack (Morgana)
All-Out Attack (Motoha)
All-Out Attack (Protagonist)
All-Out Attack (Ren)
All-Out Attack (Ryuji)
All-Out Attack (Shiratori)
All-Out Attack (Shun)
All-Out Attack (Sumi)
All-Out Attack (Tomiyama)
All-Out Attack (Tomoko)
All-Out Attack (Yaoling)
All-Out Attack (Yukimi)
All-Out Attack Damage Taken
All-Out Attack Finisher (Ann)
All-Out Attack Finisher (Haruna)
All-Out Attack Finisher (Kamiyama)
All-Out Attack Finisher (Kotone)
All-Out Attack Finisher (Kurotani)
All-Out Attack Finisher (Lufel)
All-Out Attack Finisher (Miyu)
All-Out Attack Finisher (Morgana)
All-Out Attack Finisher (Motoha)
All-Out Attack Finisher (Protagonist)
All-Out Attack Finisher (Ren)
All-Out Attack Finisher (Ryuji)
All-Out Attack Finisher (Shiratori)
All-Out Attack Finisher (Shun)
All-Out Attack Finisher (Sumi)
All-Out Attack Finisher (Tomiyama)
All-Out Attack Finisher (Tomoko)
All-Out Attack Finisher (Yaoling)
All-Out Attack Finisher (Yukimi)
All-Out Attack Renewal,Highlight Renewal
All-Out Attack Scene
All-Out Attacks
All-Out Attacks deal heavy damage to all foes. However, you cannot use them if only one ally is able to act.
All-Star Athlete
Alliance
Alliance Mission
Alliance Shop
Allies' Ballista Energy gain rate is decreased by 50%.
Allows you to make images smoother. Depending on your system, this may cause your frame rate to be lower than expected.
Allows you to reject friend requests from other players.
Allows you to right-click on the mouse to close the current screen and return to the main screen when enabled.
Allows you to show the chat channel on the bottom left of the battle screen.
Allows you to show the chat channel on the bottom left of the main screen.
Allows you to simplify battle results during Palace exploration.
Allows you to skip certain battle animations.
Allows you to skip Highlight animations.
Allows you to skip Support Phantom Thief skill animations.
Alloy Baseball Bat
Alluring Aroma
Alluring Aroma I
Alluring Aroma II
Alluring Aroma III
Alluring Aroma IV
Alluring Aroma V
Alluring Aroma VI
Alluring Aroma VII
Alluring Aroma VIII
Almighty
Almighty Damage Taken
Almighty Mult. +
Almond Jelly
Almost home! Snacks\nand a cold beer are\nwaiting for me!
Although Motoha was defeated in her contest against Tamayo, she seems relieved, having come to terms with her current self.
Although Shiina didn't win the competition in the end, she gained a lot from the experience. In particular, the memories we made together...
Although the Thieves successfully acquired the Core, there seems to be one more Core reading left. In order to obtain the remaining Core, the Phantom Thieves ventured further within the museum.
Am I... hard to approach? I guess I feel that way now and then. It's not that I hate talkin' to people or anything, though.
Amalthea
Amateur
amazing! make this a regular thing
Ambient Lighting
Ambush
Ampelos
Amusement Park
Amusement Park Romance
An 18th-century smuggler who rebelled against the royal government of France. After the execution of his brother and friends, he sold smuggled goods in the city free of taxes, winning the support of the common people. After his arrest, the king planned to offer him a pardon, but he was executed before he could do so.
An abnormality with the Metaverse Navigator sent the Phantom Thieves to a strange castle.
An abnormality with the Metaverse Navigator sent the Phantom Thieves to a strange castle.\nAs they continued in a daze, they faced an unexpected encounter.
An accident? I hope\neveryone's okay...
An AV room that devours students, a letter hidden in a shoe locker... Is it a love confession, or does the sender have more sinister intentions in mind?
An economical fish that is easy to raise and breeds quickly. Commonly seen in fishing ponds.
An effect that will be activated when specific conditions are met.
An electric town where you can find everything from home appliances to various components, alongside subculture stores and maid caf\xe9s.
An Entangled World
An ever-evolving source of power courses through the body. It invigorates your fearless spirit and creates new life.
An Extra-Special Place
An Ill Wind
An invaluable prayer board said to bring a bit of good fortune.
An invasive fish species that can adapt to many kinds of waters. It has become a problem even in fishing ponds due to overbreeding.
An Obariyon for Every Home
An octopus will appear on this stage.\nWhen destroyed, it emits a plume of black smoke that obscures your view.
An old bankbook with a balance of zero yen.
An old record containing melodies that calm the listener's spirit.
An old record containing melodies that can impart thunderous revelations upon the listener.
An old record containing melodies that get the listener fired up.
An old record containing melodies that incite aggression in the listener.
An old record containing melodies that leave the listener in a desolate, sorrowful state.
An old tool necessary for carrying out forbidden rituals.
An old-looking bottle sealed tightly with a cork. Looks like it contains something valuable.
An owl with feathers as white and fluffy as snow. Popular for their tendency to make a laughter-like expression.\nObtainable from a Zoshigaya-exclusive capsule machine.
An Unexpected Encounter
An unused flower pot with some soft soil inside.
An unusual Persona in the form of a large motorcycle. A woman's face can be seen on the front. It is named for Pope Johanna, the legendary first female pope said to have lived in the Middle Ages.
Analytical Record
And for that year, I will be attending Shujin Academy. Sojiro Sakura warned me, "If you cause any trouble, you'll be sent to juvenile hall."
Angel
Angel of Healing
Angelic
Angry
Anime Character Pin
Ann
Ann Awakening Battle
Ann Awakening Set
Ann cut-in that displays\nduring an All-Out Attack.
Ann cut-in that\ndisplays during battle.
Ann Takamaki
Ann Takamaki Visual
Ann Transformation Tile
Anniversary Preparation
Another Self
Anti-Aliasing
AntiAliasing
Antique Tray
Any ideas on how to\nimprove your sleep?
anyone know what those moves were in the last round? i can't keep up with this at all...
Anything with a strong flavor.
Anything with eggs
Anzu
Anzu's Epidemic
Aoi Yuki
Ap\xe9ritif
Apparently Motoha and Kiuchi have a troubled past. Motoha believed that it's her fault he retired from baseball.
Apparently rumors have started that Kotone and I are dating, and she's been feeling a bit flustered...
Apparently, he once\nheard a loud bang\nand fainted.
Apparently, there is a mysterious fortune-teller in Shinjuku.
Applies buff on allies' first turn.
Applies buff on party's first turn.
Apply for Name Change
April 10
April 28
April 7
Apsaras's Rampage
Apseudes
Aqua Artsy Outfit
Aqua Athleisure Outfit
Aqua Cotton Hat
Aqua Designer Sweater
Aqua Knit Outfit
Aquarium
Ara Mitama
Ara Mitama's Invasion
Arai-san and\nNoge-san make quite\na pair, huh?
Arai-san's been\nhanging out with\nboys a lot...
Arcade shooting games
Arcane Whispers
Archangel will summon continuous waves of Angels. When an Angel is defeated, SP is restored.\nDamage dealt to Angels is added to your score.
Archive
are all humans this smart?
are there any other challengers?
are we sure this guy's human
are you a kid? lmao
Are you available?
Are you busy?
Are you done with class?
Are you free atm?
Are you free today?
Are you good at math?
Are you good at\nlanguages?
Are you good at\nwaking up early?
Are you interested in Chinese tea, Sensei? If you've got some time, I can teach you! Hehe, this time it's my turn to be your Sensei, huh?
Are your parents\nstill away?
Area
Area 1 Front North Side
Area 1 North Side
Area 1 Northeast Side
Area 1 Safe Room
Area 2 East Side
Area 2 Front East Side
Area 2 North Side
Area 2 Northeast Side
Area 2 Safe Room
Area 3 East Side
Area 3 North Side
Area 3 Northeast Side
Area 3 Northwest Side
Area 3 Safe Room
Area 3 Southeast Side
Area 3 Southwest Side
Area 3 West Side
Area 4 Front North Side
Area 4 North Side
Area 4 Northwest Side
Area 4 Safe Room
Area 4 South Side
Area 4 Southeast Side
Aren't there any\npolice officers at\nthe station?
arent you getting a bit carried away
Armor Break 1
Armor Break 2
Armor Break 3
Armor Break 4
Armor Break Set
Armor Break Set 2
Armor Break Set 4
Arms Crossed
Arms Deals
Arms Together
Aroma Diffuser
Arrange Fireworks
Arrest
Arrive at a random station.
Arrow Traps
Ars\xe8ne
Art Appreciation
Art Gallery
Art Museum and Bank
Art of the Fox
Artsy Blouson
Artsy Hat
Artsy Pants
Artsy Shoes
As awful as Miyazawa\nwas, food reviews do\ncome in handy.
As evidence, the Metaverse Navigator app icon appeared on her smartphone.
As for me...
As he continues to worry about others, Ashiya-senpai starts to realize he may have a habit of being overprotective...
As he was on the verge of giving up, Shun lectured him, telling him to atone for his sins and then come back to the shop one more time.
As I get to know Shiina better, she teaches me more of her bartending techniques. She even encourages me to try putting my own spin on recipes if I have any ideas.
As I was passing through Shibuya Station Square, I noticed a girl who was standing there just holding a guitar... Why wasn't she playing it?
As I've been visiting the bar more often, I've been getting closer to Shiina and learning more about the art of bartending...
As Merope grows acquainted with Narumi, she learns of the corrupt producer exploiting the idols of the caf\xe9...
As pain washes over you and you fight to catch your breath, will you be able to ride out the storm?
As Shadows close in, the Phantom Thieves find themselves in a dire position.\nHowever, their luck turns around thanks to an unexpected visitor.
As soon as we got the Core, we were immediately transported to someplace new. This time it's some sort of factory filled with machinery. And once again, we heard a voice...
As thanks for inviting her out to Asakusa, Yukimi takes Yaoling to a traditional Japanese teahouse. Yaoling is fascinated to learn about tea ceremonies, but as cultures clash, she accidentally ends up causing trouble for the staff... and Yukimi.
As the Core's presence grows stronger, large numbers of traps and gimmicks hinder the path ahead.\nCan the Thieves unite to overcome these obstacles?
As the female student entered the car,\nonly a vulgar boy remained...\n"Dammit... Screw that pervy teacher!"\n"Who does he think he is\u2014the king of a castle?"\nIt looks like he's a Shujin Academy student too.\nIt also seems like he has a lot going on right now.
As the members of the Phantom Thieves gathered, they had no trouble mingling with one another.\nThe newly-joined Noir seemed a little bit nervous at the current situation. After seeing her disposition, Joker took action...
As the name suggests, it's the largest salmon. A rare fish that can only be caught under special conditions.
As the only tank in the series equipped with a high-tech core, it can easily achieve victory using precise, AI-driven operation.\nA super rare capsule obtainable from capsule machines around the city.
As the Phantom Thieves began to acclimate to exploration, more and more Shadows stood in their path. Fighting useless battles is a waste of time and energy. Sharp situational judgment will be the key to success.
As the Phantom Thieves continue inward, they encounter a strange mural of a snake.\nIt seems the mural in the original Palace was different, but what could that mean...
As the Phantom Thieves continued into the pyramid's underground area, they came across Panther and Skull.\nHowever, upon seeing the joyous reunion between Closer and Panther, Oracle suddenly felt pain...
As the rank rewards from the Trials from the Sea of Souls were not claimed, they have been delivered to you via this message.
As the scheduled operation draws nearer, Kitazato seems to be feeling nervous. I need to help him put aside his doubts, so that he doesn't betray his patient's hard-earned trust...
As the soccer team grows stronger, Kokatsu turns to improving the team's leadership skills. Cultivating a sense of responsibility, the team sets their sights ever higher.
As the soccer team steadily grows stronger, Kokatsu decides to hold an exhibition and charity match to showcase. The academy's name is on the line.\nGo to practice and give it your all.
As the Tycoon challenge rewards were not claimed, they have been delivered to you via this message.
As there was not enough room in your bag, the disassembled items from the Velvet Room have been delivered to you via this message.
As there was not enough room in your bag, the items obtained from the contract have been delivered to you via this message.
As there was not enough room in your bag, the rewards obtained from Mementos have been delivered to you via this message.
As there was not enough room in your bag, the rewards obtained from the mission %s have been delivered to you via this message.
As there was not enough room in your bag, the rewards you earned have been delivered to you via this message.
As they continued in a daze, the Phantom Thieves faced an unexpected encounter.
As we've gotten closer, Ashiya-senpai has become more caring and attentive. He even took care of me when I was feeling under the weather...
As yesterday's Pass rewards were not claimed, they have been delivered to you via this message.
As you started to head home, a group of girls chatting in the hallway blocked your path.
As you tried to find a way out, terrifying monsters surrounded you, and all hope seemed lost.
As you were infiltrating Katayama's Palace, you found your path blocked by a strangely dressed man.
As your level increases, your stats will increase. Certain levels also give extra effects.
Asakusa
Asakusa Japanese Caf\xe9
Ashiya
Ashiya's Skills
Ashiya-senpai reflected on what happened last time, and told me about his past...
Ashiya-senpai seems to have noticed how awkward his gifts make me feel, and to make it up to me, he gave me... an even more awkward gift...
Ashiya-senpai treated me to some high-quality sushi, but considering we just met, a gift like this seems a bit much...
Ashiya-senpai was in a panic after hearing his mother was injured in an accident. In the end, it turned out to be a false alarm... but I feel like this experience brought us a little closer together.
Aside from patrolling Shadows, various tricks and traps hindered the Thieves' path.\nTo obtain the Core, their only option was to persevere and continue onward.
Assassin
Assist Phantom Thief
Assist Recovery
Assorted Yakitori
Asura
At a small concert in Inokashira Park, Ayaka talked about her progress with her songwriting, her happy memories of the past, and... her feelings for me. How should I respond?
At school, the Phantom Thieves discussed their next move, when Makoto, the student council president, approached them...
At Shibuya Station, I witnessed the misdeeds of the Subway Slammer, Takeyuki Kiuchi. It seems that in order to stop him, I must become a Phantom Thief and delve into the Metaverse...
At that time, you found yourself stuck on a stopped train, and you had no choice but to use a risky move...
At the bar, Shiina encounters the man who once shattered her confidence and stole her desires. But this time, she won't let him win!
At the end of Piggytron's action, the effect of Berserk is increased.
At the gym...
At the same time, Miyazawa was scheming to take control over Victory Kitchen's business.
At the start of battle, all allies change 1 random affinity to Drain and 1 to Weak.
At the start of battle, all allies gain 2 Magnetic Force stacks. Gain 1 stack after dealing weakness damage.\nMagnetic Force: Final damage increased by 20% per stack. Lose 1 stack at the end of each turn. Stacks up to 2 times.
At the start of battle, all allies gain 2 Seal of Power stacks. Gain 1 stack when inflicting weakness damage on foes. Lose 1 stack automatically at the end of each turn.\nSeal of Power: Increase final damage by 15% per stack. Lasts for 2 turns. Stacks up to 2 times.\nAlso gain effects from Stable Domain during battle.\nStable Domain: Allies cannot deal critical hits. Final damage is based on critical rate and critical damage.
At the start of battle, all allies lose 50% HP. Also, party's healing and shield effects are increased by 20%, and after receiving healing or a shield, damage is increased by 50%.
At the start of battle, all allies' Damage Taken decreases by 90% for 3 turns.
At the start of battle, all foes receive 1 random weakness corresponding to your allies' attributes. Damage taken by all allies increases by 20%.
At the start of battle, and at the start of the enemy's action, the enemy will change 1 random affinity to Weak (only the most recent Weak affinity will apply). When the enemy takes damage from a 1 More or All-out Attack, damage taken is increased by 400%.
At the start of battle, decreases all enemies' Defense by 20%.
At the start of battle, enemies' damage is decreased for 1 turn.
At the start of battle, for each Phantom Thief with different attributes, all allies' Pierce Resistance increases by 8%.
At the start of battle, for each Phantom Thief with matching attributes, party's weakness damage increases by 8%.
At the start of battle, gain 1 Prayer Magatama.
At the start of battle, increase Railway Coins by 10.
At the start of battle, increase Railway Coins by 20.
At the start of battle, increases Highlight Gauge by 10%.
At the start of battle, increases Highlight Gauge by 12%.
At the start of battle, increases Highlight Gauge by 15%.
At the start of battle, increases Highlight Gauge by 16%.
At the start of battle, increases Highlight Gauge by 20%.
At the start of battle, increases Highlight Gauge by 8%.
At the start of battle, Phantom Thieves have greatly increased ailment accuracy for 1 turn.
At the start of each turn, gain 1 Seal of Power stack for each max HP increase. Gain 1 Seal of Power stack when dealing damage with a Resonance.\nSeal of Power: Increase final damage by 10% for each stack.\nAlso gain effects from Stable Domain during battle.\nStable Domain: Allies cannot deal critical hits. Final damage is based on critical rate and critical damage.
At the start of the action, gain 1 stack of Pan's Protection. Lose 1 stack when taking damage of a different attribute, and gain 1 stack when taking damage of the same attribute. Start with 2 stacks. Damage taken is decreased by 15% for each stack. Stacks up to 5 times.
At the start of the battle, Kikuri-Hime activates Border of Life and Death, greatly reducing the HP of all Phantom Thieves and activating Arbitration - Survival for 2 turns.\nAfterwards, it activates Arbitration - Attack and Arbitration - Support for all Phantom Thieves.\nIn addition, every 2 turns, Kikuri-Hime will use a random Arbiter's Power on the Phantom Thieves, preventing them from taking certain actions.\nIf the Phantom Thieves defy the arbitration, they gain 1 Seal of Mortality, and if they gain 2 seals, they are KO'd.\nArbitration - Survival: Healing and Defense skills or Highlights must not be used.\nArbitration - Attack: Attack skills or Highlights must not be used.\nArbitration - Support: Buff and Debuff skills or Highlights must not be used.\nIf all Phantom Thieves obey the arbitration, Kikuri-Hime will grant all Phantom Thieves a damage increase effect.
At the start of the turn, gain 1 stack of Aphrodite's Blessing. Lose 1 stack when taking damage of the same attribute, and gain 1 stack when taking damage of a different attribute. Aphrodite's Blessing: Start with 2 stacks. Damage taken decreases by 15% for each stack. Stacks up to 5 times.
At the tea party, Yaoling expressed her honest feelings to Yukimi, and the two of them were able to come to an understanding.
At the usual place, I finally hear Sakai's original song. Amidst the sometimes sad, sometimes tense melody, her kind and passionate emotions shine through. This song, which she wrote for the people who supported her, is sure to touch the hearts of many.
Athleisure Outfit
Atk,Life,Acc.,Resist,Spec.
Atsuko Tanaka
Atsumi Tanezaki
Attack
Attack (Remove Persona)
Attack increases when you receive healing or a shield. Stackable.
Attack is greatly increased for the first two turns. This buff is reapplied on each of the party's next 5 turns.
Attack Mult. +
Attack Percentage
Attack Up
Attack Up each turn.
Attack, Cattlemobile Attack, Surprise Attack
Attack, Cattlemobile Attack, Surprise Attack
Attacks do not inflict alignment damage.
Attain 1\u2605 Class 1 when the Trials from the Sea of Souls ends.
Attain 1\u2605 Class 2 when the Trials from the Sea of Souls ends.
Attain 1\u2605 Class 3 when the Trials from the Sea of Souls ends.
Attain 1\u2605 Class 4 when the Trials from the Sea of Souls ends.
Attain 1\u2605 Class 5 when the Trials from the Sea of Souls ends.
Attain 2\u2605 Class 1 when the Trials from the Sea of Souls ends.
Attain 2\u2605 Class 2 when the Trials from the Sea of Souls ends.
Attain 2\u2605 Class 3 when the Trials from the Sea of Souls ends.
Attain 2\u2605 Class 4 when the Trials from the Sea of Souls ends.
Attain 2\u2605 Class 5 when the Trials from the Sea of Souls ends.
Attain 3\u2605 Class 1 when the Trials from the Sea of Souls ends.
Attain 3\u2605 Class 2 when the Trials from the Sea of Souls ends.
Attain 3\u2605 Class 3 when the Trials from the Sea of Souls ends.
Attain 3\u2605 Class 4 when the Trials from the Sea of Souls ends.
Attain 3\u2605 Class 5 when the Trials from the Sea of Souls ends.
Attain 4\u2605 Class 1 when the Trials from the Sea of Souls ends.
Attain 4\u2605 Class 2 when the Trials from the Sea of Souls ends.
Attain 4\u2605 Class 3 when the Trials from the Sea of Souls ends.
Attain 4\u2605 Class 4 when the Trials from the Sea of Souls ends.
Attain 4\u2605 Class 5 when the Trials from the Sea of Souls ends.
Attain 5\u2605 Class 1 when the Trials from the Sea of Souls ends.
Attain 5\u2605 Class 2 when the Trials from the Sea of Souls ends.
Attain 5\u2605 Class 3 when the Trials from the Sea of Souls ends.
Attain 5\u2605 Class 4 when the Trials from the Sea of Souls ends.
Attain 5\u2605 Class 5 when the Trials from the Sea of Souls ends.
Attain 6\u2605 Class 1 when the Trials from the Sea of Souls ends.
Attain 6\u2605 Class 2 when the Trials from the Sea of Souls ends.
Attain 6\u2605 Class 3 when the Trials from the Sea of Souls ends.
Attain 6\u2605 Class 4 when the Trials from the Sea of Souls ends.
Attain 6\u2605 Class 5 when the Trials from the Sea of Souls ends.
Attain 7\u2605 Class 1 when the Trials from the Sea of Souls ends.
Attain 7\u2605 Class 2 when the Trials from the Sea of Souls ends.
Attain 7\u2605 Class 3 when the Trials from the Sea of Souls ends.
Attain 7\u2605 Class 4 when the Trials from the Sea of Souls ends.
Attain 7\u2605 Class 5 when the Trials from the Sea of Souls ends.
Attain 8\u2605 Class 1 when the Trials from the Sea of Souls ends.
Attain 8\u2605 Class 2 when the Trials from the Sea of Souls ends.
Attain 8\u2605 Class 3 when the Trials from the Sea of Souls ends.
Attain 8\u2605 Class 4 when the Trials from the Sea of Souls ends.
Attain 8\u2605 Class 5 when the Trials from the Sea of Souls ends.
Attain 8\u2605 Class 5 when the Trials from the Sea of Souls ends.
Attain Barely Poor in Tycoon.
Attain Beggar in Tycoon.
Attain Billionaire in Tycoon.
Attain Gorgeously Common in Tycoon.
Attain Legendary Tycoon in Tycoon.
Attain Millionaire in Tycoon.
Attain Multimillionaire in Tycoon.
Attain Ordinarily Common in Tycoon.
Attain Ordinarily Poor in Tycoon.
Attain Ordinarily Rich in Tycoon.
Attain Quite Poor in Tycoon.
Attain Richly Common in Tycoon.
Attain Somewhat Common in Tycoon.
Attain Somewhat Poor in Tycoon.
Attain Staunchly Poor in Tycoon.
Attribute Affinities
Attribute Seals:
Audiovisual Room
Authentic Chinese food
Authentic Taste
Auto-Adjust Camera
Auto-Battle
Auto-Play Story
Auto-Promote Leader
Auto-Select 1 MORE Target
Auto-Select 1 More Target
Auto-targets and activates a 1 MORE attack on suitable targets. When turned off, targets and attacks must be manually selected and activated.
Autobiographical manga
Automatic Doors
Automatically adjusts resolution and frame rate with FidelityFX Super Resolution (FSR) if supported by your system.
Automatically optimizes the resolution for your system. This may cause your screen resolution to be lower than expected.
Automatically pauses the story when the game is in the background.
Average Home
Avidya
Avidya's Skills
Avoid anywhere\nMiyazawa recommends\nlike the plague.
Avoid attacking while Shadow Katayama is covered
Aw, heck... Them bandit Shadows are back at it. You know the ones I mean. And I swear, there's more of 'em now than ever! Where do they keep crawlin' out from? Think your strong buddies could help me out one more time?
Awakening
Awakening of Desire
Awakening of Desire, Persona Awakens
Awarded for attempting Nightmare's Gateway and your Compano ranking #101 - #200.
Awarded for attempting Nightmare's Gateway and your Compano ranking #11 - #50.
Awarded for attempting Nightmare's Gateway and your Compano ranking #51 - #100.
Awarded for clearing the Museum and Bank Arcs in Crossroads of Fate.
Awarded for completing the challenge goal for the Trial of Thorns.
Awarded for filling up your collections to  Sightseer level.
Awarded for filling up your collections to Explorer level.
Awarded for filling up your collections to Globetrotter level.
Awarded for filling up your collections to Trailblazer level.
Awarded for filling up your collections to Wayfarer level.
Awarded for getting Companio rank 1-10 in Nightmare's Gateway.
Awarded for holding 1\u2605 Class 4 when the Trials from the Sea of Souls ends.
Awarded for holding 6\u2605 Class 4 when the Trials from the Sea of Souls ends.
Awarded for holding 7\u2605 Class 4 when the Trials from the Sea of Souls ends.
Awarded for passing 1 monitoring point and Life Star in Trial of the Astrolabe Pt. 1.
Awarded for passing 3 monitoring points in Trial of the Astrolabe Pt. 1.
Awarded for passing at least 1 monitoring point and Palace Star in Trial of the Astrolabe Pt. 1.
Awarded for playing the Shooting Challenge in Summer! Swimsuits! Sea Time!
Awarded for reaching band club level 9.
Awarded for reaching Synergy Rank 20 and becoming close friends with Shun.
Awarded for reaching Synergy Rank 20 and becoming close friends with Tomiyama.
Awarded for reaching Synergy Rank 20 and becoming close friends with Yui.
Awarded for reaching Synergy Rank 20 with Merope and making her your exclusive concierge.
Awards
Awareness
awesome! can't wait for tomorrow's ep
Awilda
Awilda Awakens
Ayaka
Ayaka can enhance the effects of her allies' Highlight skills. She's an effective partner for characters with powerful Highlights, since she can boost their damage and instantly activate their Highlight.
Ayaka is feeling more confident and decided to write a new song. She seems to have been inspired by our time together and was able to put her feelings into words and music. I hope she can continue to shine.
Ayaka played her new song for me, which is still a work in progress. The melody conveys gentle, yet intense, emotions that sway the heart...
Ayaka Sakai
Ayaka seems to be feeling poorly, and confided her worries in me... The girl we met before was one of her former bandmates from high school, but they went their separate ways...
Ayaka Suwa
Ayumi Ogata
B
Back in reality, you theorized that the man was probably a cognitive form of Akashi created by Katayama.
Backstreets Temporary Data
Bad Bully
Bad Sector
Badge
Baffling others with surreal humor
Bag
Bag - Control Button (Use, Info, Move, etc.)
Bag - Display How to Get After Selecting
Bag - Enter Cancel Status
Bag - Increase Usage Count
Bag - Item Lock
Bag - Lower Usage Count
Bag - Max Usage Count
Bags
Banana Boat Fun
Band Club
Band Club Practice
Band club practice has been unlocked.
Band Club Room
Band Club Room (Band Schedule Only)
Band Performance Scene
Band Point Exchange
Band Screen
Banish the Shadow Bandits
Banish the Shadow Bandits 2
Banish the Shadow Bandits 3
Banish the Shadow Bandits 4
Banish the Shadow Bandits 5
Bank Entrance
Bank Kaneshiro Boss
Bank Lobby
Bank Vault
Bank: Front
Bank: Hall
Bank: Laundering Office Lower Floor
Bank: Laundering Office Upper Floor
Bank: Safe Room
Bank: Staff Passageway
Bank: Vault 1F
Bank: Vault 2F
Bank: Vault 3F
Bank: Vault Dungeon
Bankrupt
Bankrupt Checkbook
Baphomet's Rampage
Barbel Steed Manual
Barong
Barracks
Barracuda Manual
Bartender
Base Attack +1%
Base Attack +2%
Baseball
Baseball Case
Baseball Gloves
Baseball Stadium
Baseball Stadium 2F
Baseball Stadium: Center Field
Baseball Stadium: Central Exhibition Hall
Baseball Stadium: Club 1F
Baseball Stadium: Club 1F 1
Baseball Stadium: Club 1F 2
Baseball Stadium: Club 2F
Baseball Stadium: Club 3F
Baseball Stadium: Club 3F 1
Baseball Stadium: Club 3F 2
Baseball Stadium: Club Safe Room
Baseball Stadium: Club Safe Room (PV)
Baseball Stadium: East Exhibition Hall
Baseball Stadium: Exhibition Hall Basement
Baseball Stadium: Exhibition Hall Batting Cages
Baseball Stadium: Exhibition Hall Safe Room
Baseball Stadium: Exhibition Hall West Area
Baseball Stadium: Exhibition Hall West Side
Baseball Stadium: Exhibition Unload Area
Baseball Stadium: Gate
Baseball Stadium: Home Base 1F Exhibition Hall
Baseball Stadium: Home Run 1F
Baseball Stadium: Interior Location
Baseball Stadium: Main Entrance
Baseball Stadium: Player Tunnel and Boss Stage
Baseball Stadium: Rooftop
Baseball Stadium: Training Hall
Baseball Stadium: Training Hall Safe Room
Baseball Stand
Baseball Team Mascot Bear
Baseball Third Eye
Based on the scores from either the 1 game or 3 game modes, the total scores will be calculated, an overall ranking will be determined, and each player will receive Tycoon Points accordingly.
Basic operation difficulty. Has no impact on battles.
Basic Rules
BASIC TRAINING MATERIALS
Basics of Hospitality
Bath Time
Bathhouse Bonus
Batting Cages
Batting Point Exchange
Batting Practice Field
Battle
Battle 1
Battle 2
Battle a Boss Shadow at the Terminal Station.\nDefeat it to clear the Control Center.
Battle a normal Shadow, and receive Charms and Railway Coins if you defeat it.\nYou also have a low chance to find a Lost Item.
Battle a tough Shadow, with a high chance of receiving Purple Charms and Railway Coins if you defeat it.\nThere is also a high chance of finding a Lost Item.
Battle Against Setanta
Battle an extremely powerful Shadow, and receive a guaranteed Orange Charm or Lost Item along with Railway Coins if you defeat it.\nDefeating the Shadow will also open the next route for you to proceed.
Battle Arc
Battle Area 1
Battle Area 2
Battle Intel
Battle Settings
Beach Bird
Beach Surprise
Beach Volleyball
Beach! Metaverse!
beat it in no time. lol. producers must be crying.
Beat the Boss
Beat the Boss 2
Beat the Boss 3
Beat the Boss 4
Beat the Boss 5
Beat the Pursuit of Honor
Beat the Pursuit of Parts
Beat the Pursuit of Treasure
Beauty Is Bizarre
Beauty Thief Takes the Stage!
Become a Phantom Thief and explore Mementos and Palaces with your allies.
Become close friends with Ashiya.
Become close friends with Kitazato.
Become close friends with Kurotani.
Become close friends with Lufel.
Become close friends with Riko.
Become close friends with Shun.
Become close friends with Sumi.
Become close friends with Tomiyama.
Become close friends with Yui.
Become soulmates with Riko.
Becomes playable once the protagonist reaches level 32 and clears the mission Metro of Desire.\nClearing objectives during the event period grants Dispatch Experience.
Bedroom
Beef Bowl Restaurant Breakroom
Beef Stew
been here since day 1
Been thinking about stuff
Before you knew it, you awakened back in the classroom... but was it really just a dream?
Beggar
Beginner
Beginner Bassist
Beginner Course
Beginner Dungeon
Beginner Level
Beginner Random Event
Beginner Thief I
Beginner Thief II
Beginner Thief III
Behind Main Hall
Beige Blazer
Beige Casual Pants
Beige Cotton Hat
Beige Fringe Boots
Beige Knit Outfit
Beige Strapped Boots
Benchwarmer
Berserk Bot
Berserk Bot
besa is a genius
BESAAAAA WE LOVE YOU BESA
Bespectacled Girl and Shadows
Best
Best Barbel Steed
Best Barracuda
Best Bonito
Best Catfish
Best Dace
Best Eel
Best Flathead Mullet
Best Freshwater Prawn
Best Greasy Grouper
Best Herring
Best Jack Mackerel
Best Koi
Best Mackerel
Best Malabar Grouper
Best Masu Salmon
Best Minnow
Best Pearl-Spot Chromis
Best Red Snapper
Best Rockfish
Best Salmon
Best Sea Bass
Best Sole
Best Star Snapper
Best Sturgeon
Best Turbot
Best White Crucian Carp
Better to stay safe.
Beware Shadow Katayama's Rage
BGM
Bicorn
Big Fan
Billiards & Darts
Birthday
Bishamonten's Parasol of Chaos changes allies' affinities to Drain. Bishamonten's Attack increases by 40%.
Bishamonten's Parasol of Chaos changes allies' affinities to Null. Bishamonten's Attack increases by 25%.
Bishamonten's Parasol of Chaos will target the 2 allies with the lowest HP. Bishamonten's max HP increases by 80%.
Black & White Layers
Black & White Sneakers
Black Buckle Boots
Black Capris
Black Casual Pants
Black Casual Shirt
Black clouds hang above the city, and thunder rumbles. Be careful if you go out.
Black Denim Pants
Black Designer Shoes
Black Holiday Outfit
Black Long Boots
Black Mug
Black Ooze
Black Ooze's Rampage
Black Owl Tech Bag
Black Rider
Black Sanke Koi
Black Shoulder Bag
Black Slacks
Black Sneakers
Black Street Outfit
Black Summer Outfit
Black Tech Bag
Black-Framed Glasses
Blasted Wastes
Blazer
Blazing Starfire:
Bleh!
Blend
Blends terrain for smooth transitions between natural textures.
Bless
Bless Damage Taken
Bless Formation
Bless her heart, that Leanan Sidhe ain't got a soul to confide in. You reckon there's a cheerful gentleman out there who'd be willin' to talk with her? They'd best be resilient enough to resist her temptations... or to thick to even notice.
Bless Mult. +
Blessed Return
Block Friend Requests
Blood Ritual
Blood Type
Bloom Effects
Blossom Whirlwind
Blossomed Potted Plant
Blow a Kiss
Blu is a notorious jewel thief who doesn't believe in love or compassion... That is, until she ends up rescuing two children who were kidnapped by corrupt gemstone miners. A crime film for the whole family.
Blue
Blue & Gray Layers
Blue Artsy Blouson
Blue Artsy Hat
Blue Artsy Outfit
Blue Artsy Pants
Blue Artsy Shoes
Blue Blazer
Blue Capris
Blue Capsule
Blue Casual Outfit
Blue Casual Pants
Blue Casual Shirt
Blue Cotton Pants
Blue Cup
Blue Denim Pants
Blue Eye of Prophecy
Blue Flowy Pajamas
Blue Holiday Outfit
Blue Jinbei
Blue Mokokuma Pajamas
Blue Scene
Blue Shell Jacket
Blue Shell Outfit
Blue Sneakers
Blue Star Background
Blue Town Outfit
Blueberry Ice
Blues Harp
Board a train, head to the final station at the end of the map, and defeat the Boss to earn various rewards.
Body Tempering
Boiled lily root
Bold
Bonito Manual
Bonus Stage 1
Bonus Stage 10
Bonus Stage 2
Bonus Stage 3
Bonus Stage 4
Bonus Stage 5
Bonus Stage 6
Bonus Stage 7
Bonus Stage 8
Bonus Stage 9
Booored.
Boss Battle
Boss Battle 1
Boss Battle 2
Boss Battle 3
Boss Battle 4
Boss Battle Charms
Boss Battle Preparation
Bottoms
Bountiful Harvest
Brace for a powerful attack
brain is fried
Brave Knight
Brawl Bots Dungeon
Brawl Bots event reward.
Brawl Set
Break
Break Raga's shield
Break Shadow Katayama's shield
Breakable Doors
Breakable Glass
Breakable Walls
Breaking into the Vault
Bring it Down!
Bring It On!
Bring on the spooks!
bro actually did it... not bad for a human.
Broadening Horizons
Bronze Gunner
Brown Athleisure Outfit
Brown Blazer
Brown Casual Outfit
Brown Designer Shoes
Brown Fringe Boots
Brown Loafers
Brown Long Boots
Brown Mokokuma Pajamas
Brown School Outfit
Brown Shell Jacket
Brown Shell Outfit
Brown Slacks
Brown Strapped Boots
Browsing used bookstores
Brutal Battle
Brutal Record
Budding Knight
Buff Enhancement
Buffs allies' stats to improve their combat abilities.
Bughack-I0
Bugs
Build
Building Stamina
Bumbling
Burger Cushion
Burn, Freeze, Shock, and Windswept are classified as elemental ailments.
But as you headed back to reality with your friends, you experienced a sudden vision of all of them disappearing...
But when he arrived, he count the store plastered with calling cards from the Phantom Thieves.
Buy
Buy a cooler.
Buy the first bag
Buy the second bag
By leveling up Kotone's Resonance, her attacks will always land critical hits. Kamiyama also has an effect that further increases allies' critical damage\u2014a combination that powers up the party's attacks.
By pure coincidence, the two groups of Phantom Thieves noticed a difference between their respective realities. They were perplexed by the possibility of the existence of parallel worlds...
Cage Match
Calisthenics
Call for Support
Call to Adventure
called it in ep 1
Calling Card
Calliope
calm tf down lmao
Camellia Tea
Camera Auto-Adjust
Camera Inversion
Camera Mode
Camera Modules
Camera Settings
Cameras
Camerawork with Rikuto Shimizu
Can enhance your party's abilities just by possessing it.\nCollect Charms from the same set to activate set effects.\nIf you collect a duplicate of a Charm you already own, you can enhance it.
Can guess a food's recipe by taste
Can I ask you a favor?
can i have it
Can we ride a\nFerris wheel?
can we take a moment to appreciate this production value? seriously impressive!
Can you believe what\nthey sell in vending\nmachines now?
Can you cook?
Can you handle\nspicy food?
Can't stop scrolling\nthrough online videos
can't wait
Candy Set
cant wait
Cantonese Char Siu
Canvas Sneakers
Capsule Exchange Completion Notice
Capsule Machines
Capsule machines set up on the street. They give out random capsules from their respective series.
Capsule machines with promotional cards that are updated regularly.
Capsules
Captain Kidd
Captain's Treasure
Capy B. Family
Capy B. is the most popular animal in the zoo. Just seeing him and his family enjoying a relaxing time is comforting. He loves taking baths.
Capy B.'s family is very tight-knit. They're always together, even in the bath.\nA super rare capsule. Obtainable from a Shinjuku-exclusive capsule machine.
Caramel Flan
Card Binder
Card Case
Card Reader
Card Skin
Card Strength
Cardboard Box
Cargo Pants
Caring for flowers
Carmen
Caroline
Carp Manual
Carrying Dreams
Casino
Castle
Castle Forest
Castle Gate
Castle in the Void
Castle Interior: Safe Room
Castle Keep Depths
Castle Keep Lower Hallway Battle
Castle Keep Mid-Level
Castle Keep Room Battle Scene High
Castle Keep Room Battle Scene Low
Castle Keep Summit
Castle Keep Upper Hallway Battle
Castle Keep: Safe Room
Castle Safe Room
Casual Outfit
Cat Fight
Cat Hairpin
Catch Log
Catch Log reward.
Catch Me If You Can
CATCH YOUR EYE
Catfish Manual
Cattlemobile
Caught
Caution, Fragile!
Cave Exploration
Celebration
Celebration Brochures
Celebration Gifts
Celebration Shop
Celebrity food critic Hiromu Miyazawa is plotting to claim the management rights to Victory Kitchen, but it seems like there's someone else pulling the strings.
Center
Center Field
Central Exhibition Room East Gate
Central Exhibition Room West Gate
Central Factory
Central Factory: Export Line
Central Garden
Central Hall
Central Plaza
Central Tower
Central Tower Battle
Central Tower: Bottom
Central Tower: Top
Cerberus
Chain
Chained Doors
Chained Treasure Chests
Challenge
Challenge Difficulty: CHaLLeNGe
Challenge Difficulty: EaSY
Challenge Difficulty: HaRD
Challenge Difficulty: NiGHTMaRe
Challenge Difficulty: NoRMaL
Challenge List
Challenge new difficulty levels at the batting cages.
challenger is my precious child
Challenging herself to do something she'd never normally do, Riko goes on a taste-testing tour of Chinatown. During her outing, she overhears a surprising conversation about her strict father.
Chamber of Emptiness
Chamber of Emptiness Battle Scene
Chamber of Guilt
Chamber of Recollections
Chamber of Rejection
Chamber of Sanctuary 1F
Chamber of Sanctuary 2F
Chamber of Sarcophagi
Change Bait
Change Bait
Change Direction
Change Name
Change Personas in Auto-Battle
Change target
Change the heart of the Shinjuku Stalker Yoshito Seno
Change the target's heart
Change your outfit to match the occasion.
Changes the proportion of your resolution to display. Increasing render scale improves graphics settings. Depending on your system, this may cause your frame rate to be lower than expected.
Changing Personas
Chaotic Ambience
Chaotic Crossroads
Chapter 1
Chapter 1 Clear Pass
Chapter 10
Chapter 11
Chapter 12
Chapter 13
Chapter 14
Chapter 15
Chapter 16
Chapter 17
Chapter 18
Chapter 2
Chapter 2 Boss Shadow
Chapter 2 Boss: Aegipan
Chapter 2 Clear Pass
Chapter 3
Chapter 3 & 4 Screen Scene
Chapter 3 & 4 Story Scene
Chapter 3 Control Center ???
Chapter 3 Control Center Battle Scene
Chapter 3 Control Center Central Plaza
Chapter 3 Control Center Core Monitoring Room
Chapter 3 Control Center Lower
Chapter 3 Control Center Safe Room
Chapter 3 Control Center Treasure Room 1
Chapter 3 Control Center Treasure Room 2
Chapter 3 Control Center Upper
Chapter 3 Control Center: Safe Room
Chapter 3 Palace Exterior: Complete
Chapter 3 Power Plant 1
Chapter 3 Power Plant 2
Chapter 3 Power Plant 3
Chapter 3 Power Plant Full
Chapter 3 Water Treatment Plant Full
Chapter 4
Chapter 5
Chapter 6
Chapter 7
Chapter 8
Chapter 9
Character Apron
Character Selection
Character Story Survey
Character Trial
Charge head-on into friendship without fearing the consequences.
Charging-O1
Charismatic
Charm Box
Charms
Chase Away the Incubi!
Chase Away the Succubi!
Chat
Cheating
Check the posters on the bulletin board to join various clubs.
Check the tutorials to learn all sorts of things.
Checkered Blazer
Checkered Jacket
Checkered Jinbei
Checkered Pants
Cheer On
Cheering
Cheerleaders' HP is greatly increased.
Cheers
Chef
Chef's Special Recipes
Chicken Tender Skewer Delivery
Chicken Wing Skewer Delivery
Chihaya's Fortune-Telling
Chika Anzai
Chinatown Teahouse
Chinese food really\nis the best\nafter all.
Chinese Medicinal Soup
Chinese Stir-Fry
Chinese Voice Data
Chinook Salmon
Chip Overclock-O1
Chit Chat
Chivalrous Phantom
Chizuko
ChocoStick Value Pack
Choice Paralysis
Choker
Choose a Lost Item at the start
Choose which routes to take as you progress toward the final station.\nStop at stations along the way to battle Shadows or meet people.\nThese events may provide Lost Items or Charms which will give you an advantage as you progress.
Chooses suitable Persona from summonable Personas and swaps between them in auto-battle. If turned off, only skills from the Persona equipped when attacking will be used.
Choosing is a\nhassle. Let's just\npick any place.
Chouchin Skewer Delivery
Chow Down
Christmas Illustration
Chroma Key Cameras
Chroma Key Torches
Chroma Key Walls
Church
Church of Revelation
Church of Revelation 1
Church of Revelation 2
Church of Revelation 3
Church of Revelation 4
City Event Test 10
City Event Test 11
City Event Test 12
City Event Test 13
City Event Test 14
City Event Test 15
City Event Test 3
City Event Test 4
City Event Test 5
City Event Test 6
City Event Test 7
City Event Test 8
City Event Test 9
City Life
City Life Action
City Life reward.
City Lufel NPC
City Photography Mission Button
Clash of Elegance
Class 2-C (Class Schedule Only)
Class is\ntoo hard.
Classic
Classic Bag
Classic Camera Sensitivity
Classic Camera Zoom Sensitivity
Classic Outfit
Classic Psychology Series
Classic Record
Classic,RPG
Classical Literature CD Set
Clean the house
Cleaning Allowed-Relax at home on non-schoolday
Clear
Clear
Clear all missions in the Summer! Swimsuits! Sea Time! event.
Clear all stages in Crossroads of Fate: Relativity's Labyrinth
Clear all stages in the Museum and Bank Arcs in Crossroads of Fate.
Clear any Terminal Station of Difficulty 5
Clear any Terminal Station of Difficulty 6
Clear any Terminal Station of Difficulty 7
Clear any Terminal Station of Difficulty 8
Clear Awakening of Desire to unlock
Clear episodes 2-10 of Crossroads of Fate: Museum Arc
Clear episodes 3-10 of Crossroads of Fate: Bank Arc
Clear episodes 4-10 of Crossroads of Fate: Pyramid Arc
Clear episodes 5-10 of Crossroads of Fate: Spaceport Arc
Clear Genbu 1 in Strange Changes on the Beach: Fun in the Sun
Clear Hell Biker 1 in Cherish's special mission
Clear It's Ours! in Crossroads of Fate
Clear Lust's Shadow on difficulty 20
Clear Metro of Desire on difficulty 3 with your regular party.
Clear Nightmare's Gateway
Clear Outcome of Pride to unlock
Clear Paw It Forward in Tabby's Treasure Hunt
Clear Raja Naga 1 in Strange Changes on the Beach: Waves of Fun.
Clear Realm of Repression: Alluring Aroma
Clear Realm of Repression: Enlightenment
Clear Realm of Repression: Gear Forging
Clear Realm of Repression: Persona
Clear Realm of Repression: Recollections
Clear Realm of Repression: Revelation Cards
Clear Shaved Ice to Beat the Heat to unlock
Clear Sinner of Avarice in Crossroads of Fate: Spaceport Arc on difficulty 10.
Clear Sinner of Avarice in Crossroads of Fate: Spaceport Arc on difficulty 20.
Clear Sinner of Avarice in Crossroads of Fate: Spaceport Arc on difficulty 25.
Clear Sinner of Avarice in Crossroads of Fate: Spaceport Arc on difficulty 30.
Clear Sinner of Wrath in Crossroads of Fate: Pyramid Arc on difficulty 10.
Clear Sinner of Wrath in Crossroads of Fate: Pyramid Arc on difficulty 20.
Clear Sinner of Wrath in Crossroads of Fate: Pyramid Arc on difficulty 25.
Clear Sinner of Wrath in Crossroads of Fate: Pyramid Arc on difficulty 30.
Clear Sinners of Vanity and Gluttony: Dvesha on difficulty 20
Clear Sinners of Vanity and Gluttony: Irshya on difficulty 20
Clear Stage 6 of Robotic Challenge: Puzzle Bots
Clear Stage 8 of Robotic Challenge: Brawl Bots
Clear the Advanced Stage of Cherish's Special Mission in Thief Tryout.
Clear the Advanced Stage of Messa's Special Mission in Thief Tryout.
Clear the Advanced Stage of Mont's Special Mission in Thief Tryout.
Clear the Beginner Stage of Cherish's Special Mission in Thief Tryout.
Clear the Beginner Stage of Messa's Special Mission in Thief Tryout.
Clear the Beginner Stage of Mont's Special Mission in Thief Tryout.
Clear the Desire Line in Metro of Desire on difficulty 5.
Clear the Desire Line in Metro of Desire on difficulty 6.
Clear the Desire Line in Metro of Desire on difficulty 7.
Clear the Desire Line in Metro of Desire on difficulty 8.
Clear the event %s
Clear the Hope Line in Metro of Desire on difficulty 6.
Clear the Hope Line in Metro of Desire on difficulty 7.
Clear the Hope Line in Metro of Desire on difficulty 8.
Clear the Intermediate Stage of Cherish's Special Mission in Thief Tryout.
Clear the Intermediate Stage of Messa's Special Mission in Thief Tryout.
Clear the Intermediate Stage of Mont's Special Mission in Thief Tryout.
Clear the mission %s
Clear the Museum and Bank Arcs in Crossroads of Fate.
Clear the nightmare challenge in Trial of Thorns: Asura on abnormality 15
Clear the nightmare challenge in Trial of Thorns: Trumpeter on abnormality 15
Clear the nightmare challenge in Trial of Thorns: Wraith of Envy on abnormality 15
Clear the Realm of Repression 12 times
Clear the Realm of Repression 2 times
Clear the required story
Clear the stage 16 challenge goal in Water Gun Fight
Clear the Velvet Trials
Clear the Wish Line in Metro of Desire on difficulty 6.
Clear the Wish Line in Metro of Desire on difficulty 7.
Clear the Wish Line in Metro of Desire on difficulty 8.
Clear Time
Clear Traces of Dreams to unlock
Clear Trials from the Sea of Souls
Clear Trials from the Sea of Souls: Western Work Site
Clear Vanity's Shadow on difficulty 20
Clear with everyone's HP 50% or higher
Clear with everyone's HP 70% or higher
Clear within 3 minutes
Clear without retreating
Cleodora
Climb
Climbing Through Windows
Clinging to past glories, blaming others for his fallen circumstances, and continually oppressing the weak with his twisted lust. If he continues to go unchecked, more victims will certainly emerge. He is a perfect candidate for the Phantom Thieves' first target.
Clinic
Close (General)
Closet
Clotho
Clotho's Epidemic
Cloudy
Cloudy Sky
Club
Club 1F,Club 2F,Club 3F
Club Back Room
Club Bulletin Board
Club Entrance
Club: East
Club: South
Club: West
Clubs
Cluster Whirlwinds
Coffee Aid Set
Cognition Crystal for Exceeded Purchase Limit
Cognition Crystal Set A
Cognition Crystal Set B
Cognition Crystal Set C
Cognition Crystal Set D
Cognition Crystal Set E
Cognition Crystal Set F
Cognition Crystal x1,000
Cognition Crystal x1,500
Cognition Crystal x1,980
Cognition Crystal x10,000
Cognition Crystal x100
Cognition Crystal x100,000
Cognition Crystal x180
Cognition Crystal x19,440
Cognition Crystal x2,000
Cognition Crystal x2,300
Cognition Crystal x2,980
Cognition Crystal x20,000
Cognition Crystal x25,920
Cognition Crystal x3,280
Cognition Crystal x3,380
Cognition Crystal x300
Cognition Crystal x32,400
Cognition Crystal x340
Cognition Crystal x38,880
Cognition Crystal x4,000
Cognition Crystal x4,000
Cognition Crystal x45,360
Cognition Crystal x5,000
Cognition Crystal x50,000
Cognition Crystal x51,840
Cognition Crystal x58,320
Cognition Crystal x6,000
Cognition Crystal x6,480
Cognition Crystal x6,580
Cognition Crystal x60
Cognition Crystal x600
Cognition Crystal x64,800
Cognition Crystal x700
Cognition Crystal x800
Cognition Crystal x900
Cognition Crystal x980
Cognition Crystals
Cognitions of Phantom Thieves visit the Thieves Den.
Coins Collected (%s/%s)
Coins Collected (%s/%s)
Cold Cargo
Collab 1 Old Castle Interior: Safe Room
Collab 1 Old Castle Underground Prison: Safe Room
Collab 2 Boss
Collab 2 Boss Battle Menu Scene
Collab 2: Boss
Collab 2: Boss Battle Scene
Collab 2: Cental Garden Top Floor
Collab 2: Central Garden Top Floor Battle
Collab 2: Distorted Dungeon
Collab 2: Distorted Dungeon Battle
Collab 2: Exhibition Hall
Collab 2: Exhibition Hall Battle
Collab 2: Hall
Collab 2: Museum Entrance
Collab 2: Museum Entrance Battle
Collab 2: Treasure Hall
Collab 2: Treasure Hall Battle
Collab 2: Vault
Collab 3 Battle Test
Collab 3 Boss Battle Menu Scene
Collab 3: Boss Battle Scene
Collab Event Main Screen Scene
Collab Event Stage Play Scene 1
Collab Event Stage Play Scene 2
Collab Event Stage Play Scene 3 Bottom
Collab Event Stage Play Scene 3 Top
Collab Story
Collaboration Event
Collapse Warning
Collect
Collect 1 gold coin
Collect 2 gold coins
Collect 3 gold coins
Collect 4 gold coins
Collect 5 gold coins
Collect all gold coins
Collect Anniversary Albums
Collect as many Railway Coins as possible within the time limit.
Collect Bank Cards
Collect Commemorative Coins
Collect Item
Collect Item
Collect Orbs of Greed
Collect plum blossom dango from Unconditional Love: Phase 3
Collect plum blossom dango from Unconditional Love: Phase 3
Collect plum blossom knots from Unconditional Love: Phase 1
Collect plum blossom knots from Unconditional Love: Phase 2
Collectible Choice - All
Collectible Choice - Standard
Collectibles
Collectibles: Thieves Den
Collecting Gold Coins
Collecting picture books
Collecting plum blossom arm bands will allow you to obtain the Persona Cu Chulainn and its seal.\nExchange rewards will not consume plum blossom arm bands.
Collecting Plum Blossom Dango will allow you to obtain the Persona Black Frost and its seal.\nYou won't need to spend Plum Blossom Dango for exchange rewards.
Collection Crazy
Collections
Collections
Collections: Story Memories
Collector's Book of Famous Fairy Tales
Combat Chip
Combat Drone
Combat Drones
Combat Items, Skill Selection (Down)
Combat Items, Skill Selection (Up)
Combo Points
Come on, I gotta win\nsomeday... This is\nso frustrating!
Come to think of it, before I became a phantom thief, I saw you a few times on the rooftop. Didn't look like you were there to eat... What were you doing up there?
Come to think of it, my friend Musubi's name is written with the same kanji as mine, so you could read it as "Yui." Ehehehe... Isn't it fun that we match?
Come... Let yourself be pulled by the red thread of fate...
Comfortable Home
Comfy Loungewear
Coming Soon
Coming Soon
Commence Infiltration
Common Barbel Steed
Common Barracuda
Common Bonito
Common Capsule
Common Catfish
Common Chest
Common Crucian Carp
Common Dace
Common Eel
Common Flathead Mullet
Common Freshwater Prawn
Common Greasy Grouper
Common Herring
Common Jack Mackerel
Common Koi
Common Mackerel
Common Malabar Grouper
Common Masu Salmon
Common Minnow
Common Pearl-Spot Chromis
Common Red Snapper
Common Rockfish
Common Salmon
Common Sea Bass
Common Sole
Common Star Snapper
Common Sturgeon
Common Turbot
Common White Crucian Carp
Communication
Companio
Companio Join Notice
Companio Leader Change Notice
Companio Main Screen
Companio Name Change Notice
Compared to Kiuchi's Palace, the castle is filled with dark corridors and disturbing rooms.\nCloser seems to feel uncomfortable here...
Complete a Stage 16 challenge goal in Shaved Ice Shuffle
Complete Terminal Station 1 on any difficulty
Complete Terminal Station 2 on any difficulty
Complete Terminal Station 3 on any difficulty
Complete Terminal Station 4 on any difficulty
Complete the challenge goal for the Trial of Thorns.
Complete the Phantom Pass to earn various rewards.
Completed the Sonnet of Fate!
Completion
Completion: Moon
Completion: Sky
Completion: Star
Completion: Sun
Concept Caf\xe9
Concerto
Concierge
Confession of Sins
Confirm
Confused
congrats! gotta come back next season! (\xb4\u25bd`\u0283\u2661\u01aa) i'll be waiting!
Congratulations! I'll be cheering next time, too!
Conscious Collection
Conscious Collection 2
Conscious Collection 3
Considered the main attraction of Kichijoji, this park boasts vibrant natural scenery and a large lake where people can ride in boats.
Container
Contains numerous corporate offices and restaurants. There's even a TV station within walking distance.
Content
Continue: Explore the Spaceport
Continue: Vault Exploration
Continued Delusion
Continuing deeper into the Palace, we found a projector. It showed us the history of Ms. Katayama and Riko-senpai...
Continuing from the snake, the Thieves happen upon a mural of a chicken.\nWhile pondering its meaning, a portion of Oracle's past is brought to light.
Continuing on, he suggested that even more people may be affected by your desires and the choices you make.
Continuing our discussion\non live-action heroes
Continuing our previous\nconversation
Continuous Skip
Contracts
Control
Control Center
Control Center
Control Center ???
Control Center Lower Level
Control Center Terminal
Control Center Upper Level
Control Monitor
Control Panels
Control Room Monitors
Control Settings
Control Tower
Controlling Robots
Convenience store tea
Convenient goggles that expose the enemy's hidden weaknesses. Be careful of distractions.
Converging Destinies
Cooking
Cooking from the Heart
Cool
Cool Kicker
Cooldown Mode
Cooldown time reduced!
Cop Story
Copyright Information
Coral Athleisure Outfit
Core Chest
Core Member
Core Monitoring Room
Core Skill Scene
Corporobo MDL-ED's stats are greatly increased. If Corporobo MDL-ED is present when Corporobo MDL-GM is defeated, it immediately summons another Corporobo MDL-GM.
Corridor Front
could not agree more
count me in
count me in!
Countdown and targets pause for 3 s. Charge 30 s.
Countdown and targets pause for 4 s. Charge 25 s.
Countdown and targets pause for 5 s. Charge 20 s.
Countdown and targets pause for 6 s. Charge 15 s.
Countdown and targets pause for 7 s. Charge 10 s.
Counter Revolution
Countless traps await the Phantom Thieves on their path to the Core.\nThey must combine their power in order to overcome the difficulties that lie ahead.
Country life
Countryside Classic
Courtyard
Crafting Technique
Create Companio
Creation
Creative Inspiration
Criminal
Crimson Lipstick
Crit Dmg +20%
Crit Mult.
Crit Rate
Crit Rate +10%
Crit Rate +3%
Critical chance increases by 100% when attacking with a melee weapon. Final damage increased by 50%.
Critical chance increases by 100% when attacking with a ranged weapon. Final damage increased by 50%.
Critical Damage
Critical Damage Up
Critical Hit Taken
Critical hits gain bonus DMG and restore HP
Critical Rate
Critical Rate 1
Critical Rate 2
Critical Rate 3
Critical Rate 4
Critical Rate Set 2
Critical Rate Set 4
Critical Rate Up
Critical Resistance
Critical Set
Critical Slash
Croaker
Crooked Painting
Croquette
Crossing Paths
Crossroads of Fate: Museum and Bank Arcs
Crossroads of Fate: Part 2
Crossroads of Fate: Pyramid Arc
Crossroads of Fate: Spaceport Arc
Crucian Carp
Crucian Carp Manual
Crying
crying
Crystalline Emission
Cu Chulainn's Rampage
Cultivating the untamed wilderness!
Cultural Exchange
Current Attack of All Allies: +%%s
Current Down Points
Current Enhancement: %%s
Current HP
Current Progress
Current SP
Current Switch
Current Wave
Current Weather: %s
Curry with Rice
Curse and Bless 101
Curse Damage Taken
Curse Formation
Curse Mult. +
Cursed Doors
Cursed Plushie
Cursor Speed
Curtain Call of the Damned
Customer Appreciation Pack A
Customer Appreciation Pack B
Customer Orders
Customer Reputation
Customer Service Mastery
Customize
Customize a Revelation Card in Cycle of Fate
Customize Revelation Card
Cut off Shadow Kiuchi's energy supply
cut that out
Cut-In: Ann
Cut-In: Haruna
Cut-In: Kamiyama
Cut-In: Kotone
Cut-In: Kurotani
Cut-In: Lufel
Cut-In: Miyu
Cut-In: Morgana
Cut-In: Motoha
Cut-In: Protagonist
Cut-In: Ren
Cut-In: Ryuji
Cut-In: Shiratori
Cut-In: Shun
Cut-In: Sumi
Cut-In: Tomiyama
Cut-In: Tomoko
Cut-In: Yaoling
Cut-In: Yukimi
d
D Prize Exchange Voucher,C Prize Exchange Voucher,B Prize Exchange Voucher,A Prize Exchange Voucher,S Prize Exchange Voucher
D Prize Exchange Voucher,C Prize Exchange Voucher,B Prize Exchange Voucher,A Prize Exchange Voucher,S Prize Exchange Voucher
D-pad Tips
D\xe9cor
D\xe9cor
D\xe9j\xe0 Vu
Dace Manual
Daeira
Dagger
Daily Login
Daily Pass Rewards
Daily Pass rewards obtained this week (%s/4) with more available
Daily Pass rewards obtained this week (%s/8) with even more available
Daisy Potpourri
Dakini
Dam Entrance
Dam Exterior Battle Scene
Dam Road
Dam Summit
Dam: Entrance
Dam: Exterior View
Dam: Generator Room
Dam: Lower Factory
Dam: Memorial Plaza
Dam: Middle Factory
Dam: Opposite Shore
Dam: Palace Entrance
Dam: Power Plant
Dam: Power Plant Generator Room
Dam: Power Plant Reservoir Room
Dam: Reservoir
Dam: Reservoir Room
Dam: Safe House
Dam: Safe Room
Dam: Summit
Dam: Summit Area
Dam: Tunnel
Dam: Upper Factory
Dam: Water Treatment Plant
Dam: Water Treatment Plant Central
Dam: Water Treatment Plant Lower
Dam: Water Treatment Plant Reservoir Room 2A
Dam: Water Treatment Plant Reservoir Room 3A
Dam: Water Treatment Plant Tunnel
Dam: Water Treatment Plant Upper
Damage
Damage Bonus
Damage Decreased
Damage Down
Damage Taken
Damage taken by foes decreases by 50% once. Afterwards, their damage taken increases by 20%. Stacks up to 4 times. Resets after 2 turns.
Damage taken by foes increases by 50% once. Afterwards, their damage taken decreases by 50%. Stacks up to 2 times. Resets after 2 turns.
Damage taken reverted!
Damage taken up 20%. Lasts for 2 turns. Stacks up to 2 times.
Damage was drained by barrier...
damn, that was brutal... can't believe what im seeing
Damn... I had a\nshift today,\ndidn't I?
Dance Pair
Dance with Me
Dancing with Shadows
Dancing, bar-hopping
Dang it! I think I ticked off a succubus. She's been glarin' at me like I stole her last biscuit. I was just tryin' to expand my business! Maybe I accidentally stepped into her turf... Anyhoo, there's no tellin' what she might do next! You know anyone who's good at weakening enemies?
Dangerous Allure
Dangerous Contract
Dangerous Invocation
Dangerous Platform
Daredevil Stamp Card
Daring Strike
Dark Room
Dark Tunnel
Dash
Data Encryption-I4
Data Recovery-P1
Day Off
Dazzling Encore
Deal additional damage to foes with reduced Defense. The more reduced the Defense, the more damage dealt.
Deal damage to make the boss Weakened and gain more points!
Deal higher damage to enemies within 120 turns
Deals Almighty damage through attacks.
Deals Bless damage through attacks.
Deals Curse damage through attacks.
Deals Electric damage through attacks.
Deals Fire damage through attacks.
Deals Gun damage though attacks.
Deals Ice damage through attacks.
Deals Nuclear damage through attacks.
Deals Physical damage through attacks.
Deals Psychokinesis damage through attacks.
Deals Wind damage through attacks.
Deals with groups of foes through multi-target attacks.
Dear Loyal Customer, Marthym's Shop would like to sincerely thank you for all your support! As a little token of gratitude, I'll let ya in on somethin' I spotted while I was out makin' deliveries. You'll have to go get it yourself, but I think it's somethin' you won't wanna miss.
Death
Debonair
Debuffs foes' stats to give the party the upper hand.
Decarabia's Quiz Time 1
Decarabia's Quiz Time 2
Decarabia's Quiz Time 3
Decarabia's Quiz Time 4
Decarabia's Rampage
December 20
December 26
Decent
Decisive Departure
Decline to answer
Decoy
Decrease allies' damage increase from Power of Money.
Decrease damage taken by 3%.
Decrease party's Almighty damage by 20%.
Decrease party's Bless damage by 20%.
Decrease party's Curse damage by 20%.
Decrease party's damage taken by 12%.
Decrease party's damage taken by 12.8%.
Decrease party's damage taken by 16%.
Decrease party's damage taken by 9.6%.
Decrease party's Electric damage by 20%.
Decrease party's Fire damage by 20%.
Decrease party's Gun damage by 20%.
Decrease party's Ice damage by 20%.
Decrease party's Nuclear damage by 20%.
Decrease party's Physical damage by 20%.
Decrease party's Psychokinesis damage by 20%.
Decrease party's Wind damage by 20%.
Decreases all allies' damage taken by 3%.
Decreases all allies' max HP by 25%, and heals 20% of HP every turn.
Decreases all allies' max HP by 25%, and increases damage dealt by 30%.
Decreases allies' Fire, Ice, Electric, and Wind damage by 40%.
Decreases allies' Fire, Ice, Electric, and Wind damage by 80%.
Decreases allies' Psy, Nuclear, Bless, and Curse damage by 40%.
Decreases allies' Psy, Nuclear, Bless, and Curse damage by 80%.
Decreases Attack of enemies with debuffs.
Decreases damage taken by 25%, but also decreases damage dealt by 15%. After collecting 3 cards, the negative effect will no longer activate.
Decreases damage taken by 30%. Increases damage dealt by 50%.
Deepen your bonds with your accomplices to unlock more synergy abilities.
Default
Default badge.
Default icon.
Default profile card design.
Defeat
Defeat 2 Berserk Bots
Defeat 3 Berserk Bots
Defeat 4 Berserk Bots
Defeat a strong enemy
Defeat all Berserk Bots
Defeat all Berserk Bots and collect all gold coins
Defeat all the enemies
Defeat Seno's Shadow
Defeat strong enemies
Defeat strong enemies
Defeat the berserk Raga
Defeat the guardian
Defeat: Moon
Defeat: Sky
Defeat: Star
Defeat: Sun
Defeated Phantom Thieves
Defeated Rare Shadow
Defeated, Miyazawa's Shadow confessed his dreams of becoming an actor and his long-held desire to be the "real thing".
Defeating Enemies
Defeating Shadows will grant the following effects:\n1. Jack-o'-Lantern: When defeated, the attacking Phantom Thief's Attack decreases by 30%.\n2. Jack Frost: When defeated, the attacking Phantom Thief's Attack increases by 30%.\n3. King Frost: When defeated, the attacking Phantom Thief's Attack increases by 100%.
Defense
Defense
Defense Down Points
Defense Percentage
Defense Up
Defense Up each turn.
Deference
Definitely. What are the producers thinking?
Delivery
Delivery of Items Exceeding Capacity
Delusional Shadow
Deluxe Double-serving Chicken Tail
Demonic Visitation
Den Level
Den Maker
Departure
Deplorable Me
Deploy Personas - Confirm Party
Deploy Personas - View Personas
Deployment Points:
Depths
Depths
Desert Town
Desert Town Battle Scene
Designer Pants
Designer Shades
Desire Line
Despite having no hope of victory, Motoha fights hard but is ultimately defeated in her contest with Tamayo. After witnessing her strong will and attitude at play, Tamayo finally accepts Motoha's decision to quit baseball.
Destiny Set
Destroy 10 targets
Destroy 100 targets
Destroy 110 targets
Destroy 120 targets
Destroy 130 targets
Destroy 140 targets
Destroy 150 targets
Destroy 160 targets
Destroy 30 targets
Destroy 35 targets
Destroy 40 targets
Destroy 45 targets
Destroy 50 targets
Destroy 60 targets
Destroy 70 targets
Destroy 80 targets
Destroy 90 targets
Destroy all search objects in the dam.
Destroy the bottom-left wing
Destroy the bottom-right wing
Destroy the Crown of Desire
Destroy the top-left wing
Destroy the top-right wing
Destroyed 1 Aphrodite's Protection!
Destroyed 1 Fairy Power!
Destroyed 1 Vajra Shield!
Destroying Targets
Determination to Resist
Determined
Determined not to lose to Tamayo, Motoha trained non-stop at the batting cages, but it seemed like her precision was getting worse...
Deva King Charm set effect. For each stack, increase party's Attack by 1%. For each increase, increase Defense by 1%.
Device Camera Sensitivity
Device Zoom Sensitivity
Diced Kiwi
Diced Mango
Did that really\nwarrant a special\nnews report?
Did you hear that?
Did you hear? The\nguy who slammed into\nyou was caught.
Did you read it?\nThe article.
Did you see the news\njust now?
Didn't Takeyuki\nKiuchi use to coach\nlittle league?
Didn't the people\nwho got shoved\nreport it?
Didn't the victims\nreport it to\nthe police?
Didn't they see him\non the security\ncameras?
Diet first... Then I'm\ngonna go all out\nat a buffet!
Difficulty 2 and 3 unlocked.
Difficulty 4 unlocked. Insight raised to Lv. 2.
Difficulty 5 unlocked. Insight raised to Lv. 3.
Difficulty 6 unlocked. Insight raised to Lv. 4.
Difficulty 7 unlocked. Insight raised to Lv. 5.
Difficulty 8 unlocked. Insight raised to Lv. 6.
Digging into her childhood for clues, Riko tries to find what it is that she truly wants to do. On the way home from a trip to the aquarium with Motoha, she is surprised to see a certain somebody.
Digital Camera
Dim Room
Dining Car
Dionysus
Dirge of the Damned
Disappointment
Disappointment: Moon
Disappointment: Sky
Disappointment: Star
Disappointment: Sun
Discontented
Discount Sticker
Dispatch All
Dispatch Request
Display
Display Case
Display Recent Messages
Display Subtitles
Display the capsules you've collected.
Displays subtitles when playing story animations.
Disquieting Nightmare
Distant Town
Distorted Castle 1-3-1 Old Castle: Gate
Distorted desires sweep across the Metaverse like a plague.\nAssist Messa as he administers his treatment in a flurry of blades and blood. If the operation is successful, you will be rewarded handsomely.
Distorted Dungeon
Distorted Dungeon Exit
Divine Chaos
Divine Edict
Divine Justice
Divine Law
Divine Order
Divine Palace
Divine Palace
Dizzy, Forget, Sleep, Rage, Despair, Confuse, Fear, and Brainwash are classified as spiritual ailments.
Dmg Needed: 1. Retreats After: 5 s.
Dmg Needed: 1. Retreats After: 8 s.\nCreates a cloud of smoke when destroyed.
Dmg Needed: 10. Retreats After: 10 s.\nDrops Captain's Treasure when defeated.
Dmg Needed: 2. Retreats After: 10 s.\nExplodes and deals heavy damage to nearby targets.
Dmg Needed: 2. Retreats After: 3 s.
Dmg Needed: 2. Retreats After: 5 s.
Dmg Needed: 3. Retreats After: 5 s.
Dmg Needed: 30. Retreats After: 20 s.\nAppears after every 800 points earned. Deals heavy damage to nearby targets when destroyed.
Dmg Needed: 5. Retreats After: 8 s.
Do food critics\nreally have that\nmuch influence?
Do I have some news for you, honey pie! Did you know that by taking an Obariyon home, you might get a big pile of shiny gold coins? But let me tell ya, it ain't as easy as it sounds. Do a girl a favor and introduce me to some friends who can offer me support, would ya?
do it do it
Do not destroy all the Combat Drones
Do not destroy any Self-Destruct Bots
Do not retreat from any battles
Do not retreat from any battles
Do whatever you want.
Do you have a death wish...?
Do you have any hobbies?
Do you like my fashion sense? Oh, those clothes I gave you were just sample pieces my hubby got from work. Don't worry about it! But I can guarantee they're all high-quality!
Do you live by yourself?
Do you recall those\ntwo employees?
Do you sit behind Motoha?
Do you think the\nclass rep is, uh,\nsingle?
Do you think those\nshops that closed\ncan reopen?
Do you wish to behold my power to consume the universe...?
Dodge
Does anyone actually\nbelieve what food\ncritics say?
Does anyone even use\nphone booths\nthese days?
Doesn't he have\nany weaknesses?
Doing well in the tournament will not only put Kokatsu in the spotlight, but also boost morale.\nJoin practice and give it your all.
Dome Town
Domestic Abuser
Dominion
Dominion, Reconciliation
Dominion: Moon
Dominion: Sky
Dominion: Star
Dominion: Sun
Don't give anything
don't jinx it
Don't let 100 targets escape
Don't listen to what\nothers say. As long\nas you like it...
Don't trade in.
Don't you want to hold me?
dont let your guard down
Doom of the Damned
Down
Down Points
Drama of Light and Darkness
Draped in finery, tension is finally released as we dance to a soft melody in the moonlight.
Draw 50 Contracts or Arms Deals
Dream Team
Dreams of Money
Dress to Impress
Dress-up Doll
Dressmaking, handicrafts
Drinks these days\ncome in all sorts of\nweird flavors.
Drop Item:
Drowning in a beautiful dream both day and night, but cruel reality threatens to swallow you up. You must wake up soon.
Drunk
Due to a Metaverse Navigator error, the Thieves once again appeared in an unexpected place.\nWhile standing in bewilderment at the vast desert wasteland before them, they heard a voice calling for help.
Due to its immense size, it has become the king of the fishing pond. None can conquer it.
Due to the ordeal in the castle, the protagonist was late on his first day of school, which earned the scorn of the real-world Kamoshida, the other teachers, and his new classmates.
Duet (Almighty)
Duet (Bless)
Duet (Curse)
Duet (Electric)
Duet (Fire)
Duet (Gun)
Duet (Ice)
Duet (Nuclear)
Duet (Physical)
Duet (Psychokinesis)
Duet (Wind)
Dungeon
Durable Record
During a dinner party celebrating their victory in changing Kamoshida's heart, the protagonist and Ryuji encountered some men in suits. The protagonist felt like he had seen the leader of the men somewhere before...
During a volleyball match in gym class, Motoha was doing well and was congratulated by the other students.
During battle, Kohryu will summon Shadows of Seiryu, Byakko, Suzaku, and Genbu.\nWhen a Shadow is summoned, its corresponding Might is granted to all Shadows on the field.\nWhen a Shadow is defeated, the Shadows lose that Might and it is granted to all Phantom Thieves instead.\nSeiryu's Might: Grants a Shield equal to 10% of max HP every turn.\nByakko's Might: Increases Attack by 20%.\nSuzaku's Might: Increases damage dealt by 20%.\nGenbu's Might: Increases Defense by 20%.
During Miyu's street performance, I was able to prevent an incident from a man in black who had been interrupting her performances countless times before. She was grateful for my protection and said she'd call me her "Big Bro" from now on.
During one of her shifts, Shiina performs a flair bartending routine that incorporates dance movements for a customer. That's when I learn that Shiina previously studied dance and participated in numerous competitions... though she avoids mentioning why it is that she quit.
During the celebration, new celebration-exclusive items have been added to the shop for a limited time.\nDuring the event period, you can purchase half-anniversary specialty items from Marthym, each of which can only be purchased once.
During the confrontation with Kiuchi's shadow, Motoha freed herself from burden of her past, and found the will to fight. At that moment, something changed within her...
During the event, when you participate in ranked or classic matches, you can obtain Tycoon Medals.\nBy collecting Tycoon Medals you can obtain awards from the event area.\nThere is a limit on the amount of Tycoon Medals you can obtain.\nOn the second and third days of the event, the acquisition limit of 600 Tycoon Medals will be lifted.
During the search for their teammates, Fox turned his attention to a painting hung on the wall of the museum. This place seems to resemble a certain Palace, one with which he and the owner shared a deep connection.
During the season, you can earn rewards based on the number of stars you earn in battle. After the final points are tallied, you will earn rewards based on your ranking.\nThe rewards include Star Crystals which can be exchanged for items.
During the Trials, you can earn score bonuses by meeting certain requirements for each battle.\nAfter winning, you will earn stars according to your score, and receive rewards based on your star rating.
Dvesha
Dvesha's Eye can place Watchful Eye on 2 foes at the same time.
Dvesha's Nose can attack even without twitching.
Dynamic Resolution
Each character has a variety of skills.
Each stage has multiple waves, and the current wave number is displayed at the top.\nWhen time runs out, all regular tagets will automatically disappear, and a new wave of targets will appear.
Each time a certain number of turns pass, Melchizedek changes its affinities, decreasing its damage taken.\nIt also summons a servant. When the servant is defeated, the Phantom Thieves' critical rate and critical damage are increased.
Each time Windswept is inflicted, damage increases by 15%. Stacks up to 8 times.
Each time you arrive at a station, chance to gain one of the following effects: Obtain 30 Railway Coins. Ally Attack +10%. Recover 20% Ally HP. Lose 20% Ally HP. (Will not reduce below 1%)
Each time you win a battle, all allies' Attack and Defense increases by 10%. In exchange, you will no longer receive any Railway Coins.
Each turn the Four Heavenly Kings will focus their Death Stare on 1 random Phantom Thief.\nThey will prioritize attacking the Phantom Thief under the Death Stare.
Each turn, the boss's attacks grow stronger, and you get more points!
Each turn, the Four Heavenly Kings will focus their Death Stare on 1 Phantom Thief.\nThey will prioritize attacking the Phantom Thief under the Death Stare.\nBy using Taunt skills, a Phantom Thief can transfer the Death Stare to themselves.
Early Morning
Earn 2 or more S ratings.
Earn 3 or more A ratings.
Earn experience points by clearing the Control Center.\nBy completing special conditions, you can earn various rewards.
Earn P Medals to exchange for items, and decorate your Thieves Den.
East Building 3F
East Building Annex
East Exhibition Room
East Side
East Wing
Eastern Construction Site
Eastern Exterior
Eat Up
Eating Challenge
Echo of the Damned
Edible catfish that can be found anywhere. The taste is nothing special, but it's a popular catch.
Eel Manual
Eel Rice Bowl
Eerie Castle
Effect activates after winning a battle at %s station
Effective after %s stations
Effects Quality
EffectsQuality
Efficient Prep
Electric
Electric Barrier Door
Electric Damage Taken
Electric Formation
Electric Mult. +
Electric Toothbrush
Electrojammer-R0
Electrolock Barrier
Electromagnetic Pulse-F3
Elegant Entrance
Elemental ailment resist up. Shadows may be affected by Influenza: Become Berserk, greatly increasing Attack, but die after a few turns.
Elemental Combat-E2
Elemental Combat-T0
Elemental Invasion
Elite Battle
Elite Battle Charms
Elucidator
Elucidator allies' prep time is increased by 2 turns.
Elucidator allies' prep time is increased by 6 turns.
Embarrassed
Empathetic
Employee ID
Empty Bonds
Empty Event
Empty Flower Pot
Empty Palace
Enable Notifications for Dispatch Rewards
Enable Push Notifications
Enables gamepad vibration.
Enchanting Dreams
Encounter in the Rain
Encounter with Evil
Encyclopedic
End Battle
End Japanese TGS Trial
End the battle within 40 turns without any allies defeated.
End the battle within 60 turns without any allies defeated.
End the battle within 80 turns without any allies defeated.
Endless Castle Boss Battle Scene
Endless Mode
Endless Mode
Enemies with 50% HP or less take higher damage.
Enemies with less than 50% HP take increased damage.
Enemy Attack +10%,Enemy HP +10%,Ally SP cost +5%
Enemy Attack +15%,Enemy HP +15%,Ally SP cost +10%
Enemy Attack +20%,Enemy HP +20%,Ally SP cost +10%,Ally Max HP -10%
Enemy Attack +20%,Enemy HP +20%,Ally SP cost +10%,Ally Max HP -10%
Enemy Attack +5%,Enemy HP +10%,Ally SP cost +5%
Enemy Attack +5%,Enemy HP +5%
Enemy Attack +5%,Enemy HP +5%,Ally SP cost +5%
Enemy HP +5%
Enemy strength increases according to the level of the Phantom Thieves.
Energy
Energy Absorption 1
Energy Absorption 2
Energy Capacity
Energy Circuit Amp-F2
Energy Collector
Energy Conduction Pole
Enhance and modify your weapons to unleash even greater power.
Enhance Learned Skills
Enhance Persona
Enhance Thief Tactics
Enhance your skills and weapons to become a stronger Phantom Thief.
Enhanced Build
Enhances depth by blurring distant objects. Depending on your system, this may cause your frame rate to be lower than expected.
Enhances light diffusion. Depending on your system, this may cause your frame rate to be lower than expected.
Enhances rays of light. Depending on your system, this may cause your frame rate to be lower than expected.
Enhances reflections in water and mirrors. Depending on your system, this may cause your frame rate to be lower than expected.
Enhances shading in the game. Depending on your system, this may cause your frame rate to be lower than expected.
Enhances sunlight. Depending on your system, this may cause your frame rate to be lower than expected.
Enlightenment
Enlightenment I
Enlightenment II
Enlightenment III
Enlightenment IV
Enlightenment V
Enlightenment VI
Enlightenment VII
Enlightenment VIII
Enough is enough.
Enraged
Enraptured
Ensemble (Almighty)
Ensemble (Almighty)
Ensemble (Bless)
Ensemble (Curse)
Ensemble (Electric)
Ensemble (Fire)
Ensemble (Gun)
Ensemble (Ice)
Ensemble (Nuclear)
Ensemble (Physical)
Ensemble (Psychokinesis)
Ensemble (Wind)
Enter a battle, and receive 120 Railway Coins if you win.
Enter a battle, and receive a valuable Lost Item if you win.
Enter a battle, and receive a\nvaluable Lost Item if you win.
Enter the Realm of Repression via the Metaverse Navigator, and collect training materials to strengthen your Phantom Thieves.
Entering other worlds...
Entertainment
Enthralling Record
Entrance
Entry Level
Environment
Episode 1: Rookie Stage
Episode 2: Challenge Stage
Episode 3: Elite Stage
Episode 4: Pro Stage
Episode 5: Ultra Stage
Episode 6: Champion Stage
Equip
Equipment Column
Equipment Plan 1
Equipment Plan 10
Equipment Plan 2
Equipment Plan 3
Equipment Plan 4
Equipment Plan 5
Equipment Plan 6
Equipment Plan 7
Equipment Plan 8
Equipment Plan 9
erasing my memory so i can watch this again
Erudite
Erytheia
Escape from the Spaceport
Essential Oils
Eternal Affairs
Even if I don't mean it, Kotone wants to hear me say the words "I love you..."
Even if you said\nsorry, we don't have\nto forgive you!
Even the energetic Shichi-kun needs time to refresh.\nObtainable from a Shibuya-exclusive capsule machine.
Even though I did what was right, I was forced to leave my hometown and move to Tokyo by myself. Did I do something wrong after all...?
Evening
Event
Event Boss
Event Currency Return
Event Dungeon
Event Ending Notice
Event Item Compensation
Events
Ever heard of the\nman-faced dog?
Ever since Kiuchi retired from baseball, Motoha has been neglecting her batting practice. Hoping to pull herself out of her slump, she heads to the batting cages in Yongen-Jaya.
Ever since Kiuchi's arrest, the talk about the calling card and the Phantom Thieves has increased.
Every 3 turns, Kikuri-Hime will activate Bond of Death, randomly KO'ing 1 Phantom Thief.\nIt also uses a random Arbiter's Power on the other Phantom Thieves, preventing them from taking certain actions.\nIf the Phantom Thieves defy the arbitration, they gain 1 Seal of Mortality, and if they gain 2 seals, they are KO'd.\nArbitration - Survival: Healing and Defense skills or Highlights must not be used.\nArbitration - Attack: Attack skills or Highlights must not be used.\nArbitration - Support: Buff and Debuff skills or Highlights must not be used.\nIf all Phantom Thieves obey the arbitration, Kikuri-Hime will revive the KO'd Phantom Thief.
Every Ingredient Counts!
Every Persona and Shadow has its own attribute affinities.
Every shop feels\nshort-staffed now.
Every store\nhas a line.
Everyone is talking about the cute mascot in Shibuya.
Evil Black Ooze
Ex Machina
Ex Machina Shard
Exchange 1 item
Exchange 2 items
Exchange as a Catch Log reward.
Exchange Code
Exchange from the batting cages.
Exchanging Cards
Excited
Exclusive
Exclusive Contract Rewards Reissued
Exercising, people watching
Exhibit
Exhibition Hall
Exhibition Hall 1F,Exhibition Hall 2F
Existent
Experience a vibrant life at school and in the city.
Experimenting\nin telepathy
Expert
Expert Level
Explanation
Exploration Items
Exploration Progress
Explore the Palace and investigate the accusations
Explore the Spaceport
Explore with Haruna
Explorer
Explosive Barrel
Explosive barrels will appear on this stage.\nWhen destroyed, they will deal heavy damage to surrounding targets.
External Transmission Guidelines
Extra Wallet
Extremely powerful Shadows detected at this station.
Eyestrain Eyedrops
Face
Face Beautifier
Face your inner desires and strengthen the Persona that has awakened within you.
Face Your True Self
Facility Passageway Lower
Facility Passageway Upper
Facility Surroundings
Facing greater dangers, the Phantom Thieves continue the exploration.\nThe next destination has been decided: the underground vault.
Facing stronger enemies as they continue inward, the present path grows dangerous.\nThe Thieves must find the right path, all while fending off Shadows.
Faculty Room
Fading Light
Faint Starlight
Fairytale
Faith
fake fans lol
False Image
Famous Rakugo Performances DVD
Fan Card
Fan Power
Fare Machine
Fare Machine Button
Fare Machines
Farm work requires two things: physical stamina and love! You've got to work hard to till the soil, and give it plenty of nutrients and love, and then you'll have some great crops!
Fashion Icon
Fashion Magazine
Fate's Beginning
Fateful Departure
Favorite fruit
Favorite\nFood
Fear
Feature Interface
Feel my wrath!
Feeling like Shun's chances of winning were slim, you called Yamagoshi at the hospital and asked for help.
Ferris Wheel
Festival Fan
fgsfds
Fight Cautiously
Fight Dvesha
Fight Raga
Fight Shadow Kiuchi
Fight Shadow Miyazawa
Fight together with other members to raise your ranking.
Fighting
FILE
Filled with love for everyone, Kotone gave her greatest performance yet during practice...
Film Studio
Filter - Confirm
Final Blow
Final Damage Taken
final episode is tomorrow? (ToT) i don't want it to enddddddd
Final Mult. +
Final Point Rate
Final Shop
Finally finished\nwork...
Find Shadow Miyazawa's opening
Find the Password!
Find the source of the distress call
Finding myself suddenly lost in the Metaverse, I was attacked by a terrifying shadow... Just as I was about to meet my fate, I heard a voice...
Fire
Fire at Will!
Fire attacks deal increased damage to enemies and decrease their Attack. Lasts for 2 turns.
Fire Damage Taken
Fire Formation
Fire Mult. +
Fire!
Fire-Cursed Door
Fire/Ice/Electric/Wind attribute allies' final damage is increased by 30%. Allies with other attributes have their final damage decreased by 30%.
Firewall
Firewall Booster-X3
Firewall Buster-N3
Fireworks Festival
Firing Guns
First Clear Rewards:
First impressions
First Impressions
First Name
First Name
First Turn
First-Share Event
First-Time Floater
Fish that always swim in schools. They attack prey at high speed, making them difficult to catch.
Fish that are commonly farmed. They can be canned, grilled with salt, or smoked.
Fishing
Fishing Pond Guardian
Fishing Pond Regular
Fishing Pond VIP
Fishing Third Eye
Fist of Justice
Flair bartending, decorative fruit slicing
Flauros's Invasion
Fleeing isn't cowardly.
Fleeing Shadows
Flower Basket
Flower Shop
Flower Shop
Flower Shop Sukebe
Flowers and Awakening
Flowers and Bees
Flowers and Dew
Flowers and Family
Flowers and Fields
Flowers and Frost
Flowers and Growth
Flowers and Meetings
Flowers and Midsummer
Flowers and Thorns
Flowery Comb
Flu Season
Fluffy Cushion
Flustered
Fly to Space!
Fly, Lufel!
Flying Robots
Foes
Foes inflicted with Burn take 20% increased damage.
Foes inflicted with elemental ailments take 20% increased damage.
Foes inflicted with Freeze take 20% increased damage.
Foes inflicted with Shock take 20% increased damage.
Foes inflicted with Windswept take 20% increased damage.
Fog
Fog Doors
Fog Effects
Follow Official Account
Food Effect
Food reviews these\ndays are pretty\nentertaining.
Food tours, making snacks
Foodie
Foolish mortals.
For 10 battles, decrease party's damage taken by 12.8%.
For 10 battles, decrease party's damage taken by 16%.
For 10 battles, fill the Highlight Gauge by 16% at the start of each battle.\n*Amount increased may vary based on how many battles have occured.
For 10 battles, fill the Highlight Gauge by 20% at the start of each battle.\n*Amount increased may vary based on how many battles have occured.
For 10 battles, increase party's ailment accuracy by 19.2%.
For 10 battles, increase party's ailment accuracy by 24%.
For 10 battles, increase party's ailment resistance by 19.2%.
For 10 battles, increase party's ailment resistance by 24%.
For 10 battles, increase party's Attack by 12%.
For 10 battles, increase party's Attack by 15%.
For 10 battles, increase party's Attack by 16%.
For 10 battles, increase party's Attack by 20%.
For 10 battles, increase party's critical damage by 19.2%.
For 10 battles, increase party's critical damage by 24%.
For 10 battles, increase party's critical rate by 12%.
For 10 battles, increase party's critical rate by 9.6%.
For 10 battles, increase party's damage by 12.8%.
For 10 battles, increase party's damage by 16%.
For 10 battles, increase party's Defense by 12%.
For 10 battles, increase party's Defense by 15%.
For 10 battles, increase party's Defense by 16%.
For 10 battles, increase party's Defense by 20%.
For 10 battles, increase party's HP by 16%.
For 10 battles, increase party's HP by 20%.
For 10 battles, restore party's HP by 3.2% at the start of each turn.
For 10 battles, restore party's HP by 4% at the start of each turn.
For 10 battles, restore party's HP/SP by 3.2% at the start of each turn.
For 10 battles, restore party's HP/SP by 4% at the start of each turn.
For 10 battles, restore party's SP by 3.2% at the start of each turn.
For 10 battles, restore party's SP by 4% at the start of each turn.
For 15 battles, decrease party's damage taken by 12%.
For 15 battles, decrease party's damage taken by 9.6%.
For 15 battles, fill the Highlight Gauge by 12% at the start of each battle.\n*Amount increased may vary based on how many battles have occured.
For 15 battles, fill the Highlight Gauge by 15% at the start of each battle.\n*Amount increased may vary based on how many battles have occured.
For 15 battles, increase party's ailment accuracy by 14.4%.
For 15 battles, increase party's ailment accuracy by 18%.
For 15 battles, increase party's ailment resistance by 14.4%.
For 15 battles, increase party's ailment resistance by 18%.
For 15 battles, increase party's Attack by 12%.
For 15 battles, increase party's Attack by 15%.
For 15 battles, increase party's critical damage by 14.4%.
For 15 battles, increase party's critical damage by 18%.
For 15 battles, increase party's critical rate by 7.2%.
For 15 battles, increase party's critical rate by 9%.
For 15 battles, increase party's damage by 12%.
For 15 battles, increase party's damage by 9.6%.
For 15 battles, increase party's Defense by 12%.
For 15 battles, increase party's Defense by 15%.
For 15 battles, increase party's HP by 12%.
For 15 battles, increase party's HP by 15%.
For 15 battles, restore party's HP by 2.4% at the start of each turn.
For 15 battles, restore party's HP by 3% at the start of each turn.
For 15 battles, restore party's HP/SP by 2.4% at the start of each turn.
For 15 battles, restore party's HP/SP by 3% at the start of each turn.
For 15 battles, restore party's SP by 2.4% at the start of each turn.
For 15 battles, restore party's SP by 3% at the start of each turn.
For 2 battles, restore party's SP by 2% at the start of each turn.
For 20 battles, fill the Highlight Gauge by 10% at the start of each battle.\n*Amount increased may vary based on how many battles have occured.
For 20 battles, fill the Highlight Gauge by 8% at the start of each battle.\n*Amount increased may vary based on how many battles have occured.
For 20 battles, increase party's ailment accuracy by 12%.
For 20 battles, increase party's ailment accuracy by 9.6%.
For 20 battles, increase party's ailment resistance by 12%.
For 20 battles, increase party's ailment resistance by 9.6%.
For 20 battles, increase party's Attack by 10%.
For 20 battles, increase party's Attack by 8%.
For 20 battles, increase party's critical damage by 12%.
For 20 battles, increase party's critical damage by 9.6%.
For 20 battles, increase party's critical rate by 4.8%.
For 20 battles, increase party's critical rate by 6%.
For 20 battles, increase party's Defense by 10%.
For 20 battles, increase party's Defense by 8%.
For 20 battles, increase party's HP by 10%.
For 20 battles, increase party's HP by 8%.
For 20 battles, restore party's HP by 1.6% at the start of each turn.
For 20 battles, restore party's HP by 2% at the start of each turn.
For 20 battles, restore party's HP/SP by 1.6% at the start of each turn.
For 20 battles, restore party's HP/SP by 2% at the start of each turn.
For 20 battles, restore party's SP by 1.6% at the start of each turn.
For 20 battles, restore party's SP by 2% at the start of each turn.
For 3 battles, restore party's SP by 2% at the start of each turn.
For 5 battles, restore party's SP by 2% at the start of each turn.
For amateur players seeking a challenge.\nPitch speed: 50 mph.
For each Phantom Thief with a different role, party's weakness damage increases by 10% at the start of battle.
For each stack, increase final damage by 15%. Lasts for 2 turns. Stacks up to 2 times.
For every 100 Railway Coins collected, all Phantom Thieves' Attack increases by 5.5%.
For Friends
For our first taste-testing session, Shiina shows off her excellent bartending skills. As we chat, she tells me how she came to be a bartender. She had come to the bar to drink her sorrows away, but she was so amazed by the owner's bartending skills that she wanted to share that amazement with other people. She felt embarrassed talking about it, but it truly is a wonderful dream.
For rookies who want to take it easy.\nPitch speed: 44 mph.
For serious pro athletes.\nPitch speed: 56 mph.
For some reason, this barbel steed has a tag on it. It seems the fish market has taken an interest in it.
For some reason, this barracuda has a tag on it. It seems the fish market has taken an interest in it.
For some reason, this bonito has a tag on it. It seems the fish market has taken an interest in it.
For some reason, this carp has a tag on it. It seems the fish market has taken an interest in it.
For some reason, this catfish has a tag on it. It seems the fish market has taken an interest in it.
For some reason, this crucian carp has a tag on it. It seems the fish market has taken an interest in it.
For some reason, this dace has a tag on it. It seems the fish market has taken an interest in it.
For some reason, this eel has a tag on it. It seems the fish market has taken an interest in it.
For some reason, this freshwater prawn has a tag on it. It seems the fish market has taken an interest in it.
For some reason, this greasy grouper has a tag on it. It seems the fish market has taken an interest in it.
For some reason, this herring has a tag on it. It seems the fish market has taken an interest in it.
For some reason, this jack mackerel has a tag on it. It seems the fish market has taken an interest in it.
For some reason, this mackerel has a tag on it. It seems the fish market has taken an interest in it.
For some reason, this malabar grouper has a tag on it. It seems the fish market has taken an interest in it.
For some reason, this minnow has a tag on it. It seems the fish market has taken an interest in it.
For some reason, this mullet has a tag on it. It seems the fish market has taken an interest in it.
For some reason, this pearl-spot chromis has a tag on it. It seems the fish shop has taken an interest in it.
For some reason, this red snapper has a tag on it. It seems the fish market has taken an interest in it.
For some reason, this rockfish has a tag on it. It seems the fish market has taken an interest in it.
For some reason, this salmon has a tag on it. It seems the fish market has taken an interest in it.
For some reason, this sea bass has a tag on it. It seems the fish shop has taken an interest in it.
For some reason, this sole has a tag on it. It seems the fish market has taken an interest in it.
For some reason, this star snapper has a tag on it. It seems the fish shop has taken an interest in it.
For some reason, this sturgeon has a tag on it. It seems the fish market has taken an interest in it.
For some reason, this turbot has a tag on it. It seems the fish market has taken an interest in it.
For some reason, this white crucian carp has a tag on it. It seems the fish market has taken an interest in it.
For some reason, this yamame has a tag on it. It seems the fish market has taken an interest in it.
For the first 2 turns, damage is greatly increased. Defeating a foe will extend this buff. When leveled up, increase critical hit rate.
For the next 4 platforms, damage taken increases by 30%. After completion, receive 150 Railway Coins.
For the next four times you gain Charm through City Life activities, you will gain more of that social stat.
For the next four times you gain Guts through City Life activities, you will gain more of that social stat.
For the next four times you gain Kindness through City Life activities, you will gain more of that social stat.
For the next four times you gain Knowledge through City Life activities, you will gain more of that social stat.
For You
Forced PVP
Foreign Exchange
Forge a contract of fate and recruit new allies.
Forgive the sudden\nmessage
Form a bond with %s
Form a close bond
Fortune Station
Fortune-Telling
Fortune-Telling Bonus
Fortune-Telling: Death Reversed
Fortune-Telling: Judgement Upright
Fortune-Telling: Justice Upright
Fortune-Telling: Strength Upright
Fortune-Telling: Temperance Upright
Fortune-Telling: The Chariot Upright
Fortune-Telling: The Devil Reversed
Fortune-Telling: The Emperor Upright
Fortune-Telling: The Empress Upright
Fortune-Telling: The Fool Upright
Fortune-Telling: The Hanged Man Reversed
Fortune-Telling: The Hermit Reversed
Fortune-Telling: The Hierophant Upright
Fortune-Telling: The High Priestess Upright
Fortune-Telling: The Lovers Upright
Fortune-Telling: The Magician Upright
Fortune-Telling: The Moon Reversed
Fortune-Telling: The Star Upright
Fortune-Telling: The Sun Upright
Fortune-Telling: The Tower Reversed
Fortune-Telling: The World Upright
Fortune-Telling: Wheel of Fortune Upright
Fortune-Up Drink
Found somebody to take\nmy spare gear!
Fox looks back on his past, and even though it's over, the wounds in his heart may still take time to heal.
Frame Rate
FrameRate
FrameRate120
FrameRateios
FrameRatePixelWork
Free Spirited Travelers
Freedom
French fries
Fresh from your successful operation at Miyazawa's Palace, Lufel speculated that there may be a hidden mastermind behind Miyazawa's distorted desires.
Freshwater Prawn Manual
Friday
Fried shrimp
Friendly
Friends
Friends' Orders
From the %s Phantom Pass, %s Daily Mission Rewards were not claimed. They have been delivered to you via this message.
Front Hall
Fruits of Our Labor
FTP
Full of Emotion
Full Swing
Full-Power Support
FullScreen
Fully restore HP, SP, and Highlight Gauge before taking on the boss at the terminal station.
Fun Loungewear
Fun Things
Fuse a Persona
Futaba
Futaba Boss Battle Scene
Futaba's Skills
Futility
Futility: Moon
Futility: Sky
Futility: Star
Futility: Sun
Fuu-Ki
Fuwamokko-kun Doll
Gag Glasses
Gah, you're asking about him all of a sudden? Well, come to think of it... You remind me a lot of him when he was younger!
Gain 1 Phantom Pass level
Gain 3 Phantom Pass levels
Gain 5 Phantom Pass levels
Gain 5 Phantom Pass levels
Gained 1 Deployment Point!
Gained 10 Deployment Points!
Gained 2 Deployment Points!
Gained 3 Deployment Points!
Gained 4 Deployment Points!
Gained 5 Deployment Points!
Gained 6 Deployment Points!
Gained 7 Deployment Points!
Gained 8 Deployment Points!
Gained 9 Deployment Points!
Gained Rebellion!
Galaxy Blouson
galaxy brain move
Gallery
Game On
Gamepad Camera Sensitivity
Gamepad Cursor Mode
Gamepad Cursor Mode On/Off
Gamepad Zoom Sensitivity
Gardening Guru
Gardening Guru
Gardening Sense
Gather clues of desire and unravel the mysteries of the unknown world.
Gather your courage and follow your heart! After all, we're the chosen ones!
Gave your film rec a shot
Gear Forging
Gear Forging I
Gear Forging II
Gear Forging III
Gear Forging IV
Gear Forging V
Gear Forging VI
Gear Forging VII
Gear Forging VIII
Genbu 1
Genbu 2
Genbu 3
Genbu 4
Genbu 5
Genbu I
General Controls - Confirm Item Use
Generations Apart
Geomagnetic Storm
Gesturing
Get 150 points in 10 seconds
Get 200 points in 15 seconds
Get 300 points in 20 seconds
Get 400 points in 20 seconds
Get 500 points in 20 seconds
Get 500 points in 25 seconds
Get 600 points in 25 seconds
Get 700 points in 30 seconds
Get 80 points in 10 seconds
Get close to a Shadow and attack it to initiate a battle.
Get In
get serious
Get the bank's Treasure
Get the baseball
get the item first
Get the museum's Treasure
Giant Black Ooze
Giant Dam
Giant Killer
Giant Killer 1
Giant Killer 2
Giant Killer 3
Giant Killer 4
Giant Killer Set 2
Giant Killer Set 4
Gift
Gift from the Earth
Gift Set
Giggle
Ginza
Ginza Line Platform
Girimehkala
Girl in the Desert
Give even more
give him a break, lol
Give me back my head!
Give me your riches.
Give some more
Gives a random debuff to a random target. Increases spiritual ailments in battle.
Giving up baseball was tough, but it might have given me a chance to find myself. Don't worry, I won't give up searching!
Giving Up Halfway?
Glass Vase
Glimmering Gold Cascade
Glimmering Gold Crackle
Glimmering Gold Heart
Glimmering Gold Kaleidoscope
Glimmering Gold Palm
Glimmering Gold Spiral
Glimmering Gold Star
Glimmering Gold Willow
Globetrotter
Glory
Gloves
Gluttonous Last Course
Go into the family\nbusiness, or set off\non my own. Hm...
Go Left
Go meet the orange tabby
Go Right
Go Through
Go to band club
Go to biology class
Go to classic lit class
Go to English class
Go to history class
Go to karaoke
Go to Leblanc
Go to math class
Go to soccer practice
Go to soccer practice
Go to social studies class
Go to the arcade
Go to the bank basement
Go to the bank hall control room
Go to the caf\xe9
Go to the gym
Go to the jazz club
Go to the opposite side
Go, Condor 2!
Goals
GOAT Uniform
goated
God of Thieves
Goemon
Gold
Gold Coin
Gold Frame
Gold Gunner
Gold Set
Gondola Interior Scene
Gone with the Wine
Good at drawing caricatures
Good Barbel Steed
Good Barracuda
Good Bonito
Good Catfish
Good Crucian Carp
Good Dace
Good Eel
Good Flathead Mullet
Good Freshwater Prawn
Good Greasy Grouper
Good Herring
Good Jack Mackerel
Good Koi
Good Mackerel
Good Malabar Grouper
Good Masu Salmon
Good Minnow
Good Pearl-Spot Chromis
Good Red Snapper
Good Rockfish
Good Salmon
Good Sea Bass
Good Sole
Good Song
Good Star Snapper
Good Sturgeon
Good Turbot
Good White Crucian Carp
Gorgeous Palace
Gorgyra
Gossip Weekly
Got a favor, Russet!
Got a message from Motoha
Got a minute, hon? There's this oddball Decarabia that keeps stoppin' me in my tracks and roping me into taking its darn quiz... Now, I ain't no good at riddles, and it's throwin' a wrench in my business. Any chance your friends could lend some support?
Got a sec?
Got any film recs?
Got me a delivery of frozen goods, but I reckon the customer won't be too happy if it's all melted by the time I show up. Any chance you know someone who can help keep it cool?
gotta go fast
Gourmands
Gourmet Food Tour Guide
Graceful Moves
Granary
Grand Delusion
Grand Palace
Grants 1 Memory Cube when you play Realm of Repression: Pursuit of Persona.
Grants 1 Metal Parts when you play Realm of Repression: Pursuit of Parts.
Grants 1 Thief Compendium Scrap when you play Realm of Repression: Pursuit of Honor.
Grants 100 Konpaku Gems when you play Realm of Repression: Pursuit of Treasure.
Grants 30 Railway Coins,Increases all allies' Attack by 10%,Restores all allies' HP by 20%,Decreases all allies' HP by 20%.
Grants a damage/healing bonus for each Phantom Thief on their first attack in battle.
Grants a shield when you receive healing
GraphicQuality
Grappling Hook
Grappling Hook
Gravitational Waves
Gray Background
Gray Beanie
Gray Blazer
Gray Capris
Gray Casual Pants
Gray Casual Shirt
Gray Cuffed Pants
Gray Denim Pants
Gray Jacket
Gray Leather Shoulder Bag
Gray Long Boots
Gray Mokokuma Pajamas
Gray Nylon Gloves
Gray Slacks
Gray Sneakers
Gray Strapped Boots
Gray Summer Outfit
Gray Town Outfit
Greasy Grouper Manual
Great Barbel Steed
Great Barracuda
Great Bonito
Great Catfish
Great Corridor
Great Crucian Carp
Great Dace
Great Eel
Great Flathead Mullet
Great Freshwater Prawn
Great Greasy Grouper
Great Herring
Great Jack Mackerel
Great Job
Great Koi
Great Mackerel
Great Malabar Grouper
Great Masu Salmon
Great Minnow
Great Pearl-Spot Chromis
Great Play, -1
Great Red Snapper
Great Rockfish
Great Salmon
Great Sea Bass
great show!
Great Sole
Great Star Snapper
Great Sturgeon
Great Turbot
Great White Crucian Carp
Green
Green Athleisure Outfit
Green Beanie
Green Blazer
Green Casual Outfit
Green Cup
Green Designer Sweater
Green Flowy Pajamas
Green Fringe Boots
Green Knit Outfit
Green School Outfit
Green Shell Jacket
Green Shell Outfit
Green Thumb
Grilled Rockfish
Grim Set
Grocery Store
Groovy Session
Growing Intimidation
Growing Potted Plant
Growth
Growth 1
Growth 2
Growth 3
Growth 4
Growth Set
Growth Set 2
Growth Set 4
Guaranteed Event
Guard
Guardian
Guardians of the Goods
Guarding
Guards' HP is greatly increased.
Guess I'm spending\nthe night at an\ninternet caf\xe9.
Guess what!
Guess what? I found me a place just crawlin' with Obariyons! If I can scoop 'em all up, I'll be sittin' on a goldmine. Don't tell me you wouldn't wanna get in on this. Call your friends who can provide support and let's get to it!
Guffawing
Guidance Through the Screen
Guild
Guild Boss Battle
Guild Boss Screen Scene
Guitar Care Set
Gun
Gun Damage Taken
Gun Mult. +
Gymnasium
Gyoza
h
Had some business talks go south on me the other day. Think you might know anyone who could help me polish up my diplomacy skills?
Had this incredible ramen
Haha, purr-haps it's my time?
Haha, that pose!\nIs he trying to look\nlike a samurai?
Hahaha! Seriously?\nStill, losing to a\nkid? Pathetic!
Half Anniversary badge.
Half-Year Anniversary Marthym Screen
Hallway
Hand in Pocket
Hand some over
Handmade Book Cover
Hands on Hips
Handshake
Hang out with Ayaka
Hang out with Kitazato
Hang out with Kiyoshi
Hang out with Kotone
Hang out with Masaki
Hang out with Merope
Hang out with Miyu
Hang out with Motoha
Hang out with Riko
Hang out with Runa
Hang out with Shun
Hang out with Sumi
Hang out with Tomiyama
Hang out with Tomoko
Hang out with Yaoling
Hang out with Yui
Hang out with Yumi
Hang Up
Haoyou Kuaibao
Happy
Happy Birthday!
Harajuku
HARD
Hardy Pocket Watch
Harmony
Harpyia
Haru
Haru's Skills
Haruka Tomatsu
Haruna
Haruna Awakening Set
Haruna cut-in that displays\nduring an All-Out Attack.
Haruna cut-in that\ndisplays during battle.
Haruna gave me a puzzle and asked me to deliver it to Shota. Shota and I explored the city solving all of Haruna's puzzles until we reached the end.
Haruna is a Strategist who excels at strengthening her allies' attacks. She can spend Childish Heart to raise allies' Attack and Damage Dealt, making her effective when paired with allies who have multi-hit attacks.
Haruna Nishimori has been offered early acceptance to a university in the US, and as a token of her gratitude for the puzzle rally, she sent me a riddle.
Haruna Transformation Tile
Haruna's Skills
Harvest World Online
Has it really been\nthat long since the\nincident...?
Has that girl gotten\neven better?
Hat
Have a soak
Have you been wearing\nthe clothes I gave you?
Have you got\ngood eyesight?
Haven't talked to\nPapa much...
Having decided to participate in the flair bartending contest, Shiina starts practicing her drink-mixing. The contest involves making an original cocktail, but she gets a bit carried away and winds up getting herself drunk... But hey, at least she's happy again.
Having hit a brick wall trying to come up with a dish for the contest, Shun heads to Heritage Kitchen to take a break. There, he learns that Pops adjusts his fried rice based on the customer's mood, giving him a new idea for his dish...
Having secured the route to the Treasure, we prepared ourselves for the upcoming battle. The time has come to send our first calling card.
Having successfully changed the corrupt producer's heart, peace has been restored to the concept caf\xe9. Narumi gave us a special ticket to her event as thanks for our support.
He also made a public confession to all the crimes he committed, breaking down into tears as he apologized.
He always talks so\nbig, but he might\nreally be weak.
He came forward?\nHe didn't get\ncaught?
He may stand out on\nour team, but he's\nnot all that.
He only attacks\nwomen. It's\nterrifying...
He threatened to spread bad press about the restaurant if he refused, leaving Masa no choice but to comply.
He told that\nreporter it was\na real pitch...
He was able to give you a valuable hint, and you hurried off with your companions to help Shun.
he's actually gonna make it to the last stage
He's not here,\nis he?
He's the only one\nnot here yet.
Head for the Underground
Head to the Depths
Head to the depths
Head to the depths
Head to the employee passage control room
Head to the final station at the end of the map to defeat the Boss Shadow.\nAlong the way, experience a variety of events where you may battle against Shadows or meet different people.
Head to the laundering office lower floor
Head Turner
Head-turning
Headwear
Heal
Healing
Healing & Shield Bonus Up
Healing 1
Healing 2
Healing 3
Healing 4
Healing Received Up
Healing Received/Shield Received Bonus Up
Healing Set
Healing Set 2
Healing Set 4
Healing Up
Hear what everyone was\ntalking about in class?
Heard from the manager\nof Victory Kitchen
Heart Ring
Heart Takers
Heart's Oasis
Heart-Shaped Hand Mirror
Heat Wave
Heavy damage to all targets. Charge 10 s.
Heavy Rain
Heavyweight dice that entrust your fate to the heavens.
Hecatoncheires
Hecatoncheires's Rampage
Height
Hell Biker 1
Hell Biker 2
Hell Biker 3
Hell Biker 4
Hell Biker 5
Hell Biker's Rampage
Hell-Bent Parents
Hello
Hello, I'm Ayaka Sakai. We met in front of Shibuya Station.
Help Lufel progress his "business" plans to obtain rare rewards.
Help Minami with shopping
Help Minami with studying
Help Shimizu with his photography
Helps allies from off-field with buffs and support skills.
Here's a question for ya!
Heritage Kitchen is hiring part-time help. Maybe I should go over there...
Heritage Kitchen is pretty busy today. I could go help out...
Heritage Kitchen seems understaffed today...
Heritage Kitchen seems unusually busy today...
Heritage Kitchen was closed, and inside, Miyazawa forced the owner, Yamagoshi, to hand over the ownership documents.
Heritage Kitchen was\nreally delicious.
Hero Set
Hero's Crest
Hero's Rest
Hero's Shield
Hero's Sword
Herring Manual
Hesitation will only hinder your progress. Listen to your heart, take hold of your fate, and seize victory.
hey do they sell tickets for this? (\u15d2\u15e8\u15d5) i gotta see it live!
Hey! What are you\nlooking at?
Hey, are you free today?
Hey, got a minute? There's a wicked Black Ooze cloggin' up the path and gettin' around it's been a real chore. That thing's made the road sticker than a syrup-soaked pancake! Know anyone strong enough to scrape that blob of tar out of my sight?
Hey, got a question
Hey, wait up!
Hey, why are you\nstill not here...
Hi dear
Hi, I'm new. Nice to meet you.
Hidden Ability Level-Up Materials - Beginner
HIDDEN ABILITY MATERIALS
Hidden Ability Skill Parameter 1
Hidden Ability Skill Parameter 2
Hidden Ability Skill Parameter 3
Hidden Ability Skill Parameter 4
Hidden Ability Skill Parameter 5
Hidden Path
Hidden Room
Hidden Room Doors
Hiding his internal dissatisfaction, he headed to Victory Kitchen to record another video.
High
High Five
High risk, high return.
High school 1st year
High School 2nd Year
High school 2nd year
High school 3rd year
High School Student
High school student
High-calorie stuff (like french fries)
High-Capacity Thermos
High-Class Tastes
High-Quality Yoga Mat
High-Top Shoes
High-tops
Highlight Animations
Highlight Damage Taken
Highlight Gauge Recovery Rate
Highlights in Auto-Battle
Hiih...\nHaah...
His new lodgings were in a coffee shop. He was brought to the attic of a place called Caf\xe9 Leblanc...
HL Energy Recovery
Hobbies
Holding On to Hope
Holiday Pajamas
Home
Home (Bedroom)
Home (Living Room)
Home Base Hallway
Home Run
Home Run Hallway
Home to an all-weather stadium and a rich selection of entertainment options. Also known as a college town.
Home to many government offices. It is said that a "Fish Whisperer" frequents the pond near the station.
Home Workbench
Hone your combat prowess in the Velvet Room and aim for higher battle ratings.
Honey, I'm here!\nWhere are you?
Hope
Hope Line
hope the challenger had fun too!
hope the challenger's up to this
Horn of Death decreases skill healing by an additional 30%, and Pale Rider's Attack increases by 10%.
Horn of Death decreases skill healing by an additional 50%, and Pale Rider's Attack increases by 25%.
Horn of Death decreases skill healing by an additional 80%, and Pale Rider's Attack increases by 40%.
Horn of Death increases damage by an additional 15%, and Pale Rider's max HP increases by 20%.
Horn of Death increases damage by an additional 25%, and Pale Rider's max HP increases by 50%.
Horn of Death increases damage by an additional 40%, and Pale Rider's max HP increases by 80%.
Horn of Famine increases foes' SP cost by an additional 20%, and Black Rider's Attack increases by 10%.
Horn of Famine increases foes' SP cost by an additional 30%, and Black Rider's Attack increases by 25%.
Horn of Famine increases foes' SP cost by an additional 50%, and Black Rider's Attack increases by 40%.
Horn of Famine now targets 2 random foes, and Black Rider's max HP increases by 20%.
Horn of Famine now targets 3 random foes, and Black Rider's max HP increases by 50%.
Horn of Famine now targets all foes, and Black Rider's max HP increases by 80%.
Horn of Pestilence now targets 2 random foes, and White Rider's max HP increases by 20%.
Horn of Pestilence now targets 3 random foes, and White Rider's max HP increases by 50%.
Horn of Pestilence now targets all foes, and White Rider's max HP increases by 80%.
Hospital Corridor
Hospital Room
Hot pot
Hot Spring
Hotheaded Troublemaker
Hottest Trends
Housewife
How can we understand this "dance of love"? Perhaps we could try going on a date to the amusement park...
How dare they laugh\nat me... Screw those\nbastards!
How long should\nwe practice today?
how many eps is this? doing daily updates?
How will the challenger overcome this? Stay tuned and find out!
How'd they get such\ngood reviews? The\nservice stinks.
Howdy there sweet pea. I have quite the sticky situation on my hands... That Black Ooze is back, and it's bigger than a mule in a mud pit! I'm at a loss. Can you send over a few strong friends to take care of it soon?
Howdy there, I could use your help. This Matador just showed up, wavin' his cape and darin' me to try and get past. What a load of bull... Are any of your friends good at keeping a solid guard up? I could use their help!
However, before he could make his exit, a masked figure appeared and attacked him...
However, before your strength failed completely, you awakened to a power that was slumbering within you: your Persona.
However, he also suggested there may be others besides the Phantom Thieves capable of using the Metaverse Navigator.
However, just as you were about to begin the operation, an unexpected person offered to help.
However, Lufel didn't think she was truly committed to the job, and thought it would be best not to get her involved.
However, Miyazawa refused to accept defeat, and even attempted to call the police on Shun.
However, sensing the danger just in time, Tomoko shielded Motoha and ended up grievously injured instead.
However, the academic coordinator Mr. Yamanashi supported Akashi and criticized the way Ms. Katayama handles her students.
However, when you tried to call out to them, you felt strange and couldn't muster up the energy to do anything.
However, you were able to deliver Yamagoshi's message to Masa. He found the shaver box in the safe, and gave it to Shun.
HP
HP Boost,Atk Boost,Def Boost
HP decreased...
HP fully restored, and Curse removed!
HP Percentage
HP Recovery
HP Recovery Taken
HP Recovery Up
HP Up
HP/SP Recovery
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aYwrwn4C8wo
Hua Po
Hua Po's Invasion
Huawei
Huh? He turned\nhimself in?
Huh? Seriously?
Huh? So that was the\nbest he could do?
Huh? That came outta nowhere... She's not aimin' to be a chef, but she's still got a pretty darn impressive sense of taste. And, y'know... She's a lot more personable and friendly than me.
Huh? You have\nthat figure!?
Humble Home
Hungry
Hunter
Hurry up and decide\nwhere we're\ngoing already!
HYPE
HYPE!!!
HYPEEEEEE
Hyperlink
I accompanied Kotone to a clothing store so we could get some ideas for her competition outfit, and discuss some other important matters. Afterwards, she confessed what "love" means to her...
I am Merope, your concierge. Please remember me from now on.
I arrived at Caf\xe9 Leblanc.\nAs I opened the door, there was a pleasnt ding from a bell.\nThe owner of Leblanc slowly stood up and introduced himself as Sojiro Sakura.
I assume you heard from\nLeo-chan already
I believe in pursuing the perfect flavor. That's how it's always been, and it won't change anytime soon.
i believe in you!
I came across somethin' real curious\u2014it's a rock! But not just any rock, this one's tougher than a brick house. Think folks'd be interested in durable wares made of this stuff? Hmm... maybe we should give it a good testin' first. Got a few friends who could help us out?
I can finally\nrest at ease.
I can help out at Heritage Kitchen today...
I can read until I get to my station...
I can recite the symbolic meanings of over 1000 kinds of flowers.
I can take a shift at the drugstore in Shibuya today...
I can train at the gym in Shibuya...
I can work at the beef bowl restaurant in Shibuya. Maybe I should go there...
I can't believe\npeople like Miyazawa\nactually exist.
I can't do that.
I can't focus\nat all.
I can't relax...
I can't remember anything\nwe learn at school
I can't remember\nanything... I'm just\ntrapped here...
I can't thank ya enough for all the things you've taught me. I feel like I've grown a whole lot as a small business owner. Now I'm ready to put my skills to the real test. I'm talkin' knowledge, talkin' deals, gettin' in shape\u2014the whole lot. Don't suppose any of those strong pals o' yours could give me a hand?
I could do some training at the gym...
I could get in shape at the gym in Shibuya...
I could go exploring with Haruna...
I could go see Koide...
I could go see Komatsu...
I could go see Sato...
I could go see Shishida...
I could go see Tanzo...
I could go see Tosabayashi...
I could go see Tsuda...
I could go take it easy at the bathhouse...
I could go to band practice...
I could go to Leblanc...
I could go to soccer practice...
I could go to the bathhouse and get refreshed...
I could go work at the beef bowl restaurant in Shibuya today...
I could go work at the drugstore in Shibuya...
I could help out at the flower shop in the Shibuya underground mall again today...
I could meet up with Haruna to study...
I could read in the library...
I could read on the sofa at home...
I could sing some solo karaoke in Kichijoji...
I could stay home and play some games...
I could study at the caf\xe9...
I could study at the diner...
I could study at the library...
I could take a shift at the beef bowl restaurant in Shibuya. Maybe I should help out...
I could totally lose myself in a good game right now...
I could work at the bookstore in Shinjuku...
I could work at the convenience store in Shibuya...
I could work at the cr\xeape shop in Shibuya...
I could work at the flower shop in Shibuya...
I could've just kept studying back home in China, but my mom and dad thought it'd be better for me to study abroad... I'm still trying to understand why they wanted me to come here, but they must have had their reasons.
I don't care\nanymore...
I don't even have an\nappetite anymore...
I don't feel like\ndoing much lately...
I don't have any money.
I don't need either of them.
I don't need to sell anything.
I don't really like\nthat new teacher...
I don't recall
I don't trust food\ncritics. Not\nafter Miyazawa.
I don't want to do\nanything. It's all\nso boring...
I don't want to say...
I don't want\nto go home...
I dropped\nmy wallet...
I eat disobedient little children like you!
I enjoyed hearing everyone talk about what they'd do if they were rich... I hope their dreams come true.
I feel exhausted\nevery day...
I feel like reading has helped\nsharpen my mind...
I feel like reading has helped\nsharpen my mind...
I feel like staying in and playing games...
I found a new shop.
I got a little favor to ask... Well, I was hopin' to strike up some business with some Shadows, but I gotta say\u2014I'm as nervous as a cow goin' downstairs. You reckon you could ask your friends to help mediate?
I got a message from Yui. Should I log in to the game and see her...?
i got a ticket!!!
I got it!\nLet's get\nsushi today!
I got somethin' big brewin'\u2014a job that could roll in more dough than a pastry chef on fire! But I gotta keep it cheap to make it worth it. Got any sharp negotiators in your crew?
I Got This
I guess the police\ncan do their job\nafter all.
I had a chance encounter with Masaki Ashiya, a senior from Kokatsu Academy, at the flower shop. He seems very kind, and a bit more sociable than I expected...
I had this strange dream where I met an old man called Igor and a woman called Merope... But was it really just a dream...?
I happened to meet a vivacious older lady in Shinjuku, and she helped me out when I was getting harassed by some drunk guy...
I happened to run into my neighbor, Kayo Tomiyama, who's friends with my mom. She... certainly likes to talk...
I have a new video game to play...
I have a proposal...
I have a shield...
I have a sword and shield...
I have a sword...
I have zero\nappetite... Maybe\nit's stress.
I haven't seen that\nhalf-Japanese\ngirl today.
I haven't thought\nabout the future\nat all...
I hear humans are wild for them "bargain sales." Oh, but if I were to do somethin' like that, I'd be busier than a squirrel in a nut factory tryin' to handle all them crowds! Say now, I could do with a power up, and my customers could do with a major power down, if you catch my drift!
I hear\nVictory Kitchen\nis pretty good.
I heard a student\ngot injured\nrecently...
I heard he hangs\naround the station.
I heard he only\ntargets women.\nHow disgusting.
I heard he was\ncaught right here.
I heard that shop is\ncollaborating with a\ngourmet critic.
I heard the Subway\nSlammer's just some\noffice worker.
I heard the train\nstopped. What\nhappened...?
I heard the\nconvenience store\nis hiring.
I heard them Mandrakes can be used to whip up some sorta cure-all potion. Trouble is, every time I try to get near one, they skedaddle faster than a jackrabbit while screamin' bloody murder! Don't suppose you know someone who knows a lot about medicine and got the patience to deal with 'em?
I heard there was\nan owl here during\nthe day!
I heard there's a new movie playing at the theater.
I heard there's\na kid with a pet owl\naround here.
I heard\nthat food critic\napologized.
I hope he spends the\nrest of his life\nbehind bars.
I hope I\nget scouted...
i hope so too
I hope that girl\nis all right...
I hope that you will be a worthy opponent...
I hope these days\nwill never end.
I keep having the same dream. What could it mean?
I knew you could do it!\u2606Better than I even imagined!\u2606
I know someone.
I know!
I made a promise to meet Yui's "friend" in person.
I managed to be more welcoming\nthan I typically am...
I may be an adult in terms of age, but I'm still young at heart, as they say! But the youth culture of today is totally different... Time really does fly.
I may have been drinking too much lately...
I may have done something\nI can't undo...
I mean, he's a talking owl... Of course I was surprised. But I see him as a fellow phantom thief now. Guess he can be a bit uppity at times, though.
I met a girl named Minami who was looking after some kids in the neighborhood. She seemed to have her hands full, so I offered to lend her a hand.
I met a girl performing a puppet show in Shinjuku. When the police were talking to her, she seemed to be deliberately hiding her identity...
I met a strange man dressed as a doctor at the arcade in Shibuya. He seems to be pretty good at shooting games, and I think he might be able to help me hone my own gaming skills...
I met an exchange student from China called Yaoling, who was having some difficulties with buying veggies at the supermarket
I met Shiina by total coincidence... If she hadn't splashed me with water, I never would have set foot in her bar or found out that minors could even go in. Her bartending skills are impressive, and she tells me that she's looking for a mocktail taste-tester, so I take her up on her offer.
I might go try out a new coffee blend at the caf\xe9 in Kichijoji...
I miss that izakaya.
I miss those\ngarlic-filled\ndumplings.
I MISSED IT, SOMEONE TELL ME WHAT HAPPENED
I need to fill out my career questionnaire, but I have no clue what to write...
I need to get back in shape for running around in the Metaverse. But I worked pretty hard today, so I can have just one cr\xeape, right? That's fine, right?
I never thought I'd be a phantom thief. If Pops knew, he'd flip.
I really want to\npull a rare figure.
I saw a great new\nanime. You should\ncheck it out!
I saw Noge-san earlier.\nI hope she's doing\nokay now.
I saw when he was\ncaught. He was just\na normal guy.
I saw you...
I see a young girl\nwith a donation box\nhere sometimes.
I shall cast judgment upon your soul.
I should clean my room...
I should clean, but\nI get tired just\nthinking of it.
I should get in shape at the gym...
I should go listen to Ayaka's new song...
I should go try the new specialty drinks at the Jazz Club in Kichijoji...
I should hear what Anderson has to say...
I should hear what Shichi-kun has to say...
I should see if I can help out with anything at Heritage Kitchen today...
I stumbled on somethin' odd by the roadside the other day. Looked like a little piece of desire, or maybe a fragment of someone's consciousness\u2014I can't say for sure. But it felt like it might be connected to one of your friends. I'll let ya know where it was, in case you wanna go look.
I suggest you give up now, unless you are truly prepared...
I think about it once in a while. If I'd never met you... I definitely wouldn't enjoy dancing anymore, let alone flair bartending... Because of you, I've been having a lot of fun lately. So, thanks.
I think I'll have my\nboyfriend come\npick me up.
I told Kotone her performance was beautiful, but she doesn't seem satisfied with that answer. Was there something more she wanted to hear?
I used to be a catcher. Huh? I don't look like one?
I wanna go home\nand play games.
I wanna go lie\ndown somewhere...
I want a new pair\nof sneakers...
I want Chinese\nfood today.
I want dumplings...
I want that case!
I want the blue capsule.
I want the red capsule.
I want the white capsule.
I want to be\na gourmet critic too.
I want to do some cleaning, but there's an unusual visitor in the garden...
I want to eat fine\ncuisine from all\nover the world.
I want to eat\nsomething delicious.
I want to get a huge plot of land, grow lots of tasty things, and eat until I'm full to burst!
I want to keep on singing. For my friends, who showed me how much fun it could be, and for all the people who love my songs. And... for you, too.
I want to pet the\npigeons, but they\nalways fly away.
I want to stop at\nthe drugstore on the\nway home.
I want to\ngo on a trip.
I was able to change the hearts of Miyu's parents, and the Street Artist Festival went on as planned. No longer feeling like she was lost and adrift, Miyu decided to stop using her stage name "Jellie" and will perform with her real name now. She thanked me for helping her stand on her own two feet.
I was able to provide service\nwith a smile...
I was in a dance club back in college, and we did all sorts of dances. I think that's really helped me with my flair bartending. It's kinda like... a step only I can take.
i was pleasantly surprised by this
I went shopping with Yui's friend Musubi Matsukata. With a love for gardening, she picks up a potted basil plant.
I went to cheer on\nmy old team
I went to eat burgers with Yui's friend, and learned about her life.
I went to one of\nthose! Can't believe\nwhat he did.
I went to the batting cages with Motoha, but she wasn't able to swing like she used to...
I went with Merope to Akihabara, where she met her new favorite idol, Narumi Nashimoto.
I will carve my own path...
I wish I\nhad a cat...
I wish to ride a\nFerris wheel
I wish you a\nhappy birthday
I won't make it in\ntime... But taxis are\nexpensive...
I wonder how long\nhis sentence is\ngonna be.
I wonder how\nKiuchi-sama's\ndoing...
I wonder if I\ncan still get\nyakisoba bread.
I wonder if Noge-san\nis okay...
I wonder if someone\ncould cover my\nshift...
I wonder if there's\na perfect place for\na date...
I wonder if they'll\ncatch the Subway\nSlammer soon.
I wonder if\nMagatsukami knows\nwho he is.
I wonder when I'll\nbe able to take\na break...
I wonder which books\nare popular lately.
I worked a part-time job with Ashiya-senpai, and saw his keen skills of observation. Even when dealing with complaints, he has an unshakeable resolve...
I wouldn't mind\nstaying home and\ndoing nothing.
I'd better do some thorough cleaning...
I'd better keep up with my training at the gym...
I'd go with steak.
I'd like to say a big thank-you for always coming 'round and supportin' my business. I've been rackin' my brain tryin' to figure out how to return the favor, but I just don't know where to start. You reckon any of your friends could give me a few pointers on how to support you?
I'll help out.
I'll let it all go.
I'll never forget the feeling of leaping across the stage, the way my costume sparkled under the spotlight... It was just so much fun! ...I wish that fun could've lasted forever.
I'll stop at the\nconvenience store\non my way home.
I'll take a Point Card.
I'll take it.
I'll take the card.
I'll Teach You
I'm a super dedicated worker!
I'm afraid I can show you no mercy...
I'm busy now.
I'm drinking\ntonight!
I'm exhausted.\nThink I'll go to the\nbathhouse.
I'm feeling confident about my singing. I could go to Kichijoji and try for a high score at karaoke...
I'm feeling good today. I might go play at the arcade in Shibuya...
I'm feeling good today.\nMaybe I'll just stay home and play games...
I'm gonna sing\nuntil dawn!
I'm headed to the beach with my friends! We're going to enjoy this trip to the fullest.
I'm hungry.\nLet's go eat.
I'm in a\ngood mood today...
I'm Motoha Arai. My codename is Closer. Nice to meet you again!
i'm not asking if they'd win, idiot
I'm not telling
I'm pretty good at cooking!
I'm really not\nfeeling it right\nnow...
I'm sleepy. Maybe a\nnap will make me\nfeel better.
I'm so cramped in here...
I'm so sick of the\nsame old routine...
I'm still not great at Japanese... I'm always making tons of mistakes. Just be patient with me, okay? Xi\xe8xi\xe8!
I'm tired. I feel\nsleep-deprived\nevery day.
I'm Tomoko Noge. Nice to meet you.
I'm too scared\nto go out into\nthe city now...
I'm too scared\nto walk alone.
I'm working every\nday and have no\ntime for myself.
I'M YOUR #1 FAN
I'm Yumi Shiina. I work as a bartender in Shibuya, and my specialty is flair bartending! Nice to meet you.
I've been hearin' folks talk 'bout these things called Attributes lately... Fire, Ice, Wind, Electricity\u2014stuff like that. Reckon understandin' them might help me whip up some better goods. Could you introduce me to anyone who knows a lot about this stuff?
I've been mullin' over the idea of startin' a new store 'round here... But that Jack Frost's got the roads slipperier than a snake in a bucket of oil. If you know anyone who's got a knack for skatin', send 'em my way, would ya?
I've been so busy\nlately, I haven't\nhad a break...
I've been so childish...
I've been taking it easy, so...
i've been there!
I've been thinkin' of openin' a new trade route for my li'l shop. Trouble is, it's riddled with thorns and that ain't safe. Well, 'specially not for someone like me who likes wearin' sandals. Know anyone who can rescue me from this predicament?
I've been thinkin' of sprucin' up my shop lineup with some quirky goodies! How weird, you ask? Well, I've got this rock that can store electricity. Only problem is, it ain't worth much if I don't have a way to charge it. You know someone who can give it a good zap?
I've been to all the\nshops around here...
I've been tryin' to get some new trade routes up and runnin', but them Shadows done blocked the way. It's a real pain for business, lemme tell ya. I hear they'll let ya through if you can outmuscle 'em, but I ain't up for that kinda thing. Say, any of them pals of yours any good at taking out single enemies?
I've been waiting\nfor a while now...\nWhere are you?
I've given this great thought.
I've got a delivery that's hotter than a skillet on a summer day! Problem is, it's gotta stay that way. You know anyone who could help me keep it nice 'n' warm?
I've got a flower pot.
I've got my eye on a new trade route for business, but the area's full of aggressive Shadows that keep ambushin' folks. You reckon you know anybody who's good at defense? Perhaps they could lend me a hand?
I've got nothing.
I've got something.
I've got to go to biology class...
I've got to go to classic lit class...
I've got to go to English class...
I've got to go to history class...
I've got to go to math class...
I've got to go to social studies class...
I've gotten used to him and all, but I still don't really understand where Lufel came from. Why would the Metaverse have owls?
I've made up my mind\u2014I'm takin' a trip to learn some new tools of the trade. But I hear it's more dangerous than a hog in a smokehouse out there! If you could lemme borrow a few of your friends, including someone who can keep us healed up, I'd sure feel a whole lot better 'bout this journey.
I've never run into\nhim, but I'm glad he\nwas arrested.
I've only seen stuff\nabout the Subway\nSlammer online.
Ice
Ice and Fire 101
Ice Damage Taken
Ice Formation
Ice Mult. +
Ichigaya
Identify and destroy Shadow Miyazawa's Demon Sword
Identify Shadow Miyazawa's clones
Idol Coaster
Idol Figure
Idol Keychain
Idol of Desire
Idol Original Photo Set
Idol Trading Card
If a Treasure Demon escapes during battle, you will be able to encounter it again in the same area next time you explore the Palace.
If he does make it\nto majors, he won't\nlast long.
If I had a boyfriend,\nhe would carry my\nbags for me...
If I hadn't met you, I might've been stuck in the past forever. Thank you again. Let's keep doing our best together!
If I hadn't quit baseball
If I meet him, I'll\nmake sure he\nregrets it.
If it's online, I'm your girl! If it's offline... you've got this!
If it's true, that's\npretty abysmal.
If Lamia survives for more than 3 turns, it will use a powerful multi-target attack skill.
If the party contains Guardians or Medics, decrease all foes' final damage by 60% and increase final damage taken by 20%. If not, increase all foes' final damage by 60%.
If there is another cover point nearby, you can jump to it.
If this bubble appears, it means there is a configuration error.
If two players have the same score, they will receive the same place in the overall rankings.
If you are ever confused about what to do or where to go next, look to the upper right corner of the screen to view various hints.\nAlso, you can select Track Mission from the Mission screen to show the distance to your goal.
If you are spotted by an enemy, the security level of the entire Palace will increase.\nIf you defeat an enemy without being seen, the security level will decrease.
If you defeat the Shadow at the Terminal Station, or if you end the journey partway, you will earn experience points and Upgrade Tickets depending on the difficulty and progress.
If you didn't obtain a 4\u2605 character from the previous 9 draws for this gacha, the next draw will have the Flat 1 rate, which guarantees a 4\u2605 or higher character.\nIf you didn't obtain a 5\u2605 character from the previous 79 draws, the next draw will have the Flat 2 rate, which guarantees a 5\u2605 character.\n\nAfter you obtain a regular Phantom Thief, if a Phantom Thief of the same rarity appears in the next or subsequent draws, one Most Wanted Phantom Thief will appear.\nThis Special Most Wanted Draw will be valid until you obtain a Most Wanted Phantom Thief of the same rarity.\nThe status for Flat Rates and Special Most Wanted Draws applies to all gachas that use the same type of tickets, regardless of the event period.\n\nThe listed rates have been rounded to the fourth decimal place and may not add up to 100%.\nThese rates apply to each draw. If the rate is 1%, you are not guaranteed that contract within 100 draws. The same contract may also appear more than once.\nSome rates have been adjusted to account for Most Wanted contracts.
If you didn't obtain a 4\u2605 from the previous 9 draws for this gacha, the next draw will have the Flat 1 rate, which guarantees a 4\u2605 or higher. If you didn't obtain a 5\u2605 from the previous 79 draws, the next draw will have the Flat 2 rate, which guarantees a 5\u2605.\nThis draw status is not shared with other gachas.\n\nThe listed rates have been rounded to the fourth decimal place and may not add up to 100%.\nThese rates apply to each draw. If the rate is 1%, you are not guaranteed that contract within 100 draws.
If you didn't obtain a 4\u2605 from the previous 9 draws for this gacha, the next draw will have the Flat 1 rate, which guarantees a 4\u2605 or higher.\n\nThe listed rates have been rounded to the fourth decimal place and may not add up to 100%.\nThese rates apply to each draw. If the rate is 1%, you are not guaranteed that contract within 100 draws. The same contract may also appear more than once.
If you didn't obtain a 4\u2605 from the previous 9 draws for this gacha, the next draw will have the Flat 1 rate, which guarantees a 4\u2605 or higher.\nIf you didn't obtain a 5\u2605 from the previous 79 draws, the next draw will have the Flat 2 rate, which guarantees a 5\u2605.\nThe status for Flat Rates does not apply to other gachas.\n\nThe listed rates have been rounded to the fourth decimal place and may not add up to 100%.\nThese rates apply to each draw. If the rate is 1%, you are not guaranteed that contract within 100 draws. The same contract may also appear more than once.
If you didn't obtain a 4\u2605 weapon from the previous 9 draws for this gacha, the next draw will have the Flat 1 rate, which guarantees a 4\u2605 or higher weapon.\nIf you didn't obtain a 5\u2605 weapon from the previous 69 draws, the next draw will have the Flat 2 rate, which guarantees a 5\u2605 weapon.\n\nAfter you obtain a regular weapon, if a weapon of the same rarity appears in the next or subsequent draws, one Most Wanted weapon will appear.\nThis Special Most Wanted Draw will be valid until you obtain a Most Wanted weapon of the same rarity.\nThe status for Flat Rates and Special Most Wanted Draws applies to all gachas that use the same type of coins, regardless of the event period.\n\nThe listed rates have been rounded to the fourth decimal place and may not add up to 100%.\nThese rates apply to each draw. If the rate is 1%, you are not guaranteed that contract within 100 draws. The same contract may also appear more than once.\nSome rates have been adjusted to account for Most Wanted contracts.
If you don't want to play any cards on your turn, you can choose to pass to the next player.
If you encounter a problem with the game, please contact support.
If you get the order wrong, the guards will be alerted!
If you lose a battle, it will count as a victory, and all allies will be healed to max HP. Only works once.
If you then knock down another enemy, you will gain another 1 More. This can continue as long as you continue to knock down enemies.
Igor warned you that you must nurture your desires to avoid a fate of ruin.
Ikebukuro
Ikenoue
Ikue Otani
Illustration that was shown in\na stream at TOKYO GAME SHOW 2015.
Illustration used as a tabloid extra.
Illustration used to celebrate\nChristmas.
Illustration used to celebrate\nNew Year's in 2017.
Illustration used to celebrate\nNew Year's in 2018.
im no good at this
Image of Ann that displays\nafter an All-Out Attack finisher.
Image of Haruna that displays\nafter an All-Out Attack finisher.
Image of Kamiyama that displays\nafter an All-Out Attack finisher.
Image of Kotone that displays\nafter an All-Out Attack finisher.
Image of Kurotani that displays\nafter an All-Out Attack finisher.
Image of Lufel that displays\nafter an All-Out Attack finisher.
Image of Miyu that displays\nafter an All-Out Attack finisher.
Image of Morgana that displays\nafter an All-Out Attack finisher.
Image of Motoha that displays\nafter an All-Out Attack finisher.
Image of protagonist that displays\nafter an All-Out Attack finisher.
Image of Ren that displays\nafter an All-Out Attack finisher.
Image of Ryuji that displays\nafter an All-Out Attack finisher.
Image of Shiratori that displays\nafter an All-Out Attack finisher.
Image of Shun that displays\nafter an All-Out Attack finisher.
Image of Sumi that displays\nafter an All-Out Attack finisher.
Image of Tomiyama that displays\nafter an All-Out Attack finisher.
Image of Tomoko that displays\nafter an All-Out Attack finisher.
Image of Yaoling that displays\nafter an All-Out Attack finisher.
Image of Yukimi that displays\nafter an All-Out Attack finisher.
Impassioned Support
Impending Ruin
Impossible... That crazy delivery cyclist was Ms. Katayama all along!?
Improves graphic quality by enhancing color brightness and contrast if your system supports HDR.
In %s hours: %s
In a high-class casino you've never seen before, a figure who appeared to be a thief was cornered by men in black suits.
In a Safe Room, you can train your Phantom Thieves and Personas, as well as change your party.
In a world of fairy tales, there is no sadness, only pure joy and beauty. Savor it while it lasts.
In an area called the Training Hall of Love, the Phantom Thieves witnessed the unfair treatment of a cognitive being.
In an area called the Training Hall of Love, the Phantom Thieves witnessed the unfair treatment of a cognitive being.\nWhile there, Closer spotted a familiar face.
In class, I met up with Tomoko Noge, the girl whose train pass I found. It turns out she's best friends with Motoha.
In Endless Mode, there is no limit to the number of waves, and the targets are changed for each wave. The game will not end until you fail to meet a stage's requirements.
In Endless Mode, you have unlimited time and customers.\nHowever, if you serve too many incorrect orders, your shift will end.
In Endless Mode, your friends will not come to the shaved ice shop.
In exchange, this unknown benefactor said they would help make Miyazawa's dreams come true.
In his search for the ideal flavor, Shun picks out a monjayaki shop in Tsukishima. The ramen on their side menu uses the same dashi as the monjayaki, leaving Shun deeply moved by the flavor.
In Japanese, the words for owl and no hardship sound similar, which is why owls bring to mind positive concepts. These fluffy winter owls are cute and popular.
In Love
in LOVE with this challenger.(\u272a\u03c9\u272a) i'm a fan.
In Mementos, we discovered a red vortex. According to Lufel, it's the entrance to a palace.
In order to avoid the impending ruin, I will assist you in strengthening your desires.
In order to escape from Madarame, Ann activated the Metaverse Navigator, but Yusuke was pulled into Madarame's Palace along with her...
In order to help more people enjoy the world of cocktails, Shiina has been practicing some non-alcoholic varieties. She says I'm her favorite customer...
In order to help Ms. Katayama, Riko sets her plan into motion.
In order to infiltrate Kiuchi's Palace, you will need to craft some infiltration tools.
In order to locate the next palace, we delved back into Mementos, and noticed that some changes had occurred since we claimed Kiuchi's treasure...
In order to prepare for Narumi's fan appreciation event, I practiced my cheering with Merope.
In order to steal the Treasure, they needed to change Madarame's perception. The Phantom Thieves split into two groups and began a coordinated attack from both the real world and the Palace!
In regards to\nPhantom Idols
In the aftermath of the Food Fight, Miyazawa wasn't doing very well, and seemed to be feeling the pressure from his mysterious contact.
In the Chamber of Rejection, it seems that not just enemies, but traps and gimmicks, lie in wait for the Thieves.\nSharp wits, in addition to raw strength, will be required in order to push forward.
In the middle of my studies...
In the middle of your dinner at Victory Kitchen, you got kicked out by a man named Miyazawa.
In the midst of the chaos, he raises his weapon. He focuses his mind, defeats the monstrous foes, and raises his voice high.
In the midst of the Hundred Years' War, the daughter of an English noble falls in love with a French wine-seller, leaving her castle shaken by their forbidden love. Meanwhile, the looming threat of the war and sickness draw ever closer...
In the palace, we saw a video of Kiuchi's past. Motoha thought that she had injured Kiuchi, but the truth paints a different picture...
In the real world, Akashi managed to acquire evidence that Ms. Katayama was the infamous "Hit-and-Run Rider", and silently smiled to himself.
In the real world, Morgana appeared to Ryuji and the protagonist in the form of a cat. As Morgana began to explain how Kamoshida's heart could be changed by using the Palace, Ann's best friend, Shiho, gazed down at the ground from the school rooftop...
In the school library, I met a strange boy who calls himself the chosen one.
In the Velvet Room, Igor offered his congratulations for your victory over the sinner of lust.
In the Velvet Room, you can fuse and train Personas, or view the Persona Compendium.
In the video Motoha showed you, you find out that Shun did end up going to Victory Kitchen to settle his score with Miyazawa.
In their intense battle against Shadow Kaneshiro, the Phantom Thieves unleashed an all-out attack...!
In this gacha, the 4\u2605 Phantom Thief Kotone Montagne is guaranteed.
In this gacha, the 4\u2605 weapon Crime and Punishment is guaranteed.
In this season of Nightmare's Gateway, your Companio's rank was %s.\nThe rank rewards have been delivered to you via this message.
Incantation of the Damned
Included stats: Attack, Defense, Max HP, Critical Hit Rate, Critical Damage
Increase ailment accuracy by 5%.
Increase ailment resistance by 5%.
Increase all allies' Almighty skill damage by 5%.
Increase all allies' Bless skill damage by 5%.
Increase all allies' Curse skill damage by 5%.
Increase all allies' Defense by 30% and decrease damage taken by 10%.
Increase all allies' Electric skill damage by 5%.
Increase all allies' Fire skill damage by 5%.
Increase all allies' Gun skill damage by 5%.
Increase all allies' Ice skill damage by 5%.
Increase all allies' max HP by 15% and increase Attack by 15%.
Increase all allies' Nuclear skill damage by 5%.
Increase all allies' Physical skill damage by 5%.
Increase all allies' Psy skill damage by 5%.
Increase all allies' Wind skill damage by 5%.
Increase Attack by 2%.
Increase Attack by 25%, but also decreases max HP by 15%. After collecting 3 cards, the negative effect will no longer activate.
Increase critical damage by 4%.
Increase critical hit rate by 2%.
Increase damage by 2% for every 10% of the opponent's max HP higher than yours, up to a maximum of 30%.
Increase damage dealt by 25%, but also increases damage taken by 15%. After collecting 3 cards, the negative effect will no longer activate.
Increase damage dealt by 3%.
Increase damage of allies with Blessings by 25%.
Increase Defense by 2%.
Increase effects of 1 More, Highlight, melee, and long-range attacks.
Increase Elucidator allies' stat buff effects by 30%.
Increase Elucidator allies' stat buff effects by 30%. When an ally deals a weakness attack, give user Tremor Amplification. Tremor Amplification: Increase final damage by 40%. Lasts for 2 turns.
Increase Elucidator Phantom Thieves' stat buff effects by 30%.
Increase Elucidator Phantom Thieves' stat buff effects by 30%. When a Phantom Thief deals weakness damage, they gain Tremor Amplification. Tremor Amplification: Increase final damage by 40% for 2 turns.
Increase final point gain rate by 20%.
Increase final point gain rate by 5%.
Increase level of the equipped Persona's base active skill by %s.
Increase level of the equipped Persona's learned active skills by %s.
Increase max HP by 2%.
Increase max HP by 25%, but also decreases Attack by 15%. After collecting 3 cards, the negative effect will no longer activate.
Increase party's ailment accuracy by 12%.
Increase party's ailment accuracy by 14.4%.
Increase party's ailment accuracy by 18%.
Increase party's ailment accuracy by 19.2%.
Increase party's ailment accuracy by 24%.
Increase party's ailment accuracy by 9.6%.
Increase party's ailment resistance by 12%.
Increase party's ailment resistance by 14.4%.
Increase party's ailment resistance by 18%.
Increase party's ailment resistance by 19.2%.
Increase party's ailment resistance by 24%.
Increase party's ailment resistance by 9.6%.
Increase party's Almighty damage by 20%.
Increase party's Attack by 10%.
Increase party's Attack by 12%.
Increase party's Attack by 15%.
Increase party's Attack by 16%.
Increase party's Attack by 20%.
Increase party's Attack by 8%.
Increase party's Bless damage by 20%.
Increase party's Bless damage by 50%.
Increase party's critical damage by 12%.
Increase party's critical damage by 14.4%.
Increase party's critical damage by 18%.
Increase party's critical damage by 19.2%.
Increase party's critical damage by 24%.
Increase party's critical damage by 4%.
Increase party's critical damage by 9.6%.
Increase party's critical rate by 12%.
Increase party's critical rate by 4.8%.
Increase party's critical rate by 6%.
Increase party's critical rate by 7.2%.
Increase party's critical rate by 9%.
Increase party's critical rate by 9.6%.
Increase party's Curse damage by 20%.
Increase party's Curse damage by 50%.
Increase party's damage by 12%.
Increase party's damage by 12.8%.
Increase party's damage by 16%.
Increase party's damage by 9.6%.
Increase party's Defense by 10%.
Increase party's Defense by 12%.
Increase party's Defense by 15%.
Increase party's Defense by 16%.
Increase party's Defense by 20%.
Increase party's Defense by 8%.
Increase party's Electric damage by 20%.
Increase party's Electric damage by 50%.
Increase party's Electric/Bless damage by 20%.
Increase party's Fire damage by 20%.
Increase party's Fire damage by 50%.
Increase party's Fire/Psy damage by 20%.
Increase party's Gun damage by 20%.
Increase party's HP by 10%.
Increase party's HP by 12%.
Increase party's HP by 15%.
Increase party's HP by 16%.
Increase party's HP by 20%.
Increase party's HP by 8%.
Increase party's Ice damage by 20%.
Increase party's Ice damage by 50%.
Increase party's Ice/Nuclear damage by 20%.
Increase party's Nuclear damage by 20%.
Increase party's Nuclear damage by 50%.
Increase party's Physical damage by 20%.
Increase party's Physical/Gun damage by 20%.
Increase party's Psychokinesis damage by 20%.
Increase party's Psychokinesis damage by 50%.
Increase party's ranged attack damage by 10%.
Increase party's Wind damage by 20%.
Increase party's Wind damage by 50%.
Increase party's Wind/Curse damage by 20%.
Increase point gain rate by 15%.
Increase point gain rate by 5%.
Increase the effect of Moha's Growth, and gain Growth every turn.
Increase the shop's free refreshes by 1.
Increase your current Railway Coins by 100%, but receive no Railway Coins for the next 5 platforms.
Increase your fishing skills to unlock more fish in the catch log.
Increases all allies' critical rate by 1% and critical damage by 2% for each Lost Item.
Increases all allies' critical rate by 10% and critical damage by 20%.
Increases all allies' damage dealt by 5%.
Increases allies' healing effect by 0.5% (effective in battle).
Increases ally Attack by 5 (effective in battle).
Increases ally damage dealt by 1% to wandering Shadows (effective in battle).
Increases ally Defense by 10 (effective in battle).
Increases ally Defense by 15 (effective in battle).
Increases ally Defense by 5 (effective in battle).
Increases ally HP by 10 (effective in battle).
Increases ally HP by 20 (effective in battle).
Increases ally HP by 40 (effective in battle).
Increases ally Speed by 1 (effective in battle).
Increases Ann's Attack by 10 (effective in battle).
Increases Ann's Defense by 10 (effective in battle).
Increases Ann's HP by 40 (effective in battle).
Increases Attack % for first 2 turns.
Increases Attack based on the total number of foes.
Increases Attack for each buff.
Increases Blue Crystal drop rate by 10% when you play Realm of Repression: Gear Forging.
Increases Charm carrying slots by 2.
Increases critical damage by 20%.
Increases critical rate when using Fire skills.
Increases damage when target's HP is higher than yours.
Increases Defense % for first 2 turns.
Increases drop rate for advanced skill enhancement materials by 5% when you play Realm of Repression: Recollections.
Increases foes' damage taken by 8%.
Increases Haruna's Attack by 10 (effective in battle).
Increases Haruna's Defense by 10 (effective in battle).
Increases Haruna's HP by 40 (effective in battle).
Increases Kamiyama's Attack by 10 (effective in battle).
Increases Kamiyama's Defense by 10 (effective in battle).
Increases Kamiyama's HP by 40 (effective in battle).
Increases Kotone's Attack by 10 (effective in battle).
Increases Kotone's Defense by 10 (effective in battle).
Increases Kotone's HP by 40 (effective in battle).
Increases Kurotani's Attack by 10 (effective in battle).
Increases Kurotani's Defense by 10 (effective in battle).
Increases Kurotani's HP by 40 (effective in battle).
Increases Lufel's Attack by 10 (effective in battle).
Increases Lufel's Defense by 10 (effective in battle).
Increases Lufel's HP by 40 (effective in battle).
Increases Miyu's Attack by 10 (effective in battle).
Increases Miyu's Defense by 10 (effective in battle).
Increases Miyu's HP by 40 (effective in battle).
Increases Morgana's Attack by 10 (effective in battle).
Increases Morgana's Defense by 10 (effective in battle).
Increases Morgana's HP by 40 (effective in battle).
Increases Motoha's Attack by 10 (effective in battle).
Increases Motoha's Defense by 10 (effective in battle).
Increases Motoha's HP by 40 (effective in battle).
Increases part-time earnings by 2%.
Increases part-time earnings by 3%.
Increases part-time earnings by 5%.
Increases party's ailment accuracy by 0.8% (effective in battle).
Increases party's Almighty damage by 1% (effective in battle).
Increases party's Attack by 10 (effective in battle).
Increases party's Attack for two turns when a foe is killed. Can stack twice and each turn is counted separately.
Increases party's Attack, Defense, and main attribute at the start of battle. Applies a random buff on each subsequent turn.
Increases party's critical damage by 1% (effective in battle).
Increases party's critical rate by 0.5% (effective in battle).
Increases party's damage by 0.25% in Trials from the Sea of Souls (effective in battle).
Increases party's damage by 0.5% (effective in battle).
Increases party's damage by 0.5% in Nightmare's Gateway (effective in battle).
Increases party's damage by 0.5% in Trials from the Sea of Souls (effective in battle).
Increases party's damage by 1% in Nightmare's Gateway (effective in battle).
Increases party's damage by 1% in Trials from the Sea of Souls (effective in battle).
Increases party's damage by 1.5% in Nightmare's Gateway (effective in battle).
Increases party's damage by 1.5% in Trials from the Sea of Souls (effective in battle).
Increases party's damage by 2% in Realm of Repression (effective in battle).
Increases party's Electric and Bless damage by 0.3% (effective in battle).
Increases party's Electric and Bless damage by 0.4% (effective in battle).
Increases party's Electric and Bless damage by 0.5% (effective in battle).
Increases party's Electric damage by 1% (effective in battle).
Increases party's Fire and Psychokinesis damage by 0.3% (effective in battle).
Increases party's Fire and Psychokinesis damage by 0.4% (effective in battle).
Increases party's Fire and Psychokinesis damage by 0.5% (effective in battle).
Increases party's Fire damage by 1% (effective in battle).
Increases party's Ice and Nuclear damage by 0.3% (effective in battle).
Increases party's Ice and Nuclear damage by 0.4% (effective in battle).
Increases party's Ice and Nuclear damage by 0.5% (effective in battle).
Increases party's overall Fire damage any time Fire damage is dealt to enemies. Stacks up to 3 times.
Increases party's Physical and Gun damage by 0.3% (effective in battle).
Increases party's Physical and Gun damage by 0.4% (effective in battle).
Increases party's Physical and Gun damage by 0.5% (effective in battle).
Increases party's SP recovery by 5% (effective in battle).
Increases party's Wind and Curse damage by 0.3% (effective in battle).
Increases party's Wind and Curse damage by 0.4% (effective in battle).
Increases party's Wind and Curse damage by 0.5% (effective in battle).
Increases party's Wind damage by 1% (effective in battle).
Increases Persona 5 collab Phantom Thieves' damage by 0.5% (effective in battle).
Increases Persona 5 collab Phantom Thieves' Defense by 15 (effective in battle).
Increases Persona 5 collab Phantom Thieves' HP by 40 (effective in battle).
Increases Persona damage by 1% (effective in battle).
Increases Personas' damage by 1% (effective in battle).
Increases Phantom Thieves' Attack by 10 (effective in battle).
Increases protagonist's Attack by 10 (effective in battle).
Increases Protagonist's damage by 2% (effective in battle).
Increases protagonist's Defense by 10 (effective in battle).
Increases protagonist's HP by 40 (effective in battle).
Increases Ren's Attack by 10 (effective in battle).
Increases Ren's damage by 1% (effective in battle).
Increases Ren's Defense by 10 (effective in battle).
Increases Ren's HP by 40 (effective in battle).
Increases resolution to improve overall graphic quality. Depending on your system, your frame rate may be lower than expected.
Increases Ryuji's Attack by 10 (effective in battle).
Increases Ryuji's Defense by 10 (effective in battle).
Increases Ryuji's HP by 40 (effective in battle).
Increases Shiratori's Attack by 10 (effective in battle).
Increases Shiratori's Defense by 10 (effective in battle).
Increases Shiratori's HP by 40 (effective in battle).
Increases Shun's Attack by 10 (effective in battle).
Increases Shun's Defense by 10 (effective in battle).
Increases Shun's HP by 40 (effective in battle).
Increases Sumi's Attack by 10 (effective in battle).
Increases Sumi's Defense by 10 (effective in battle).
Increases Sumi's HP by 40 (effective in battle).
Increases the Phantom Thieves' Almighty skill damage\nby 10%.
Increases the Phantom Thieves' Almighty skill damage\nby 12%.
Increases the Phantom Thieves' Bless skill damage\nby 10%.
Increases the Phantom Thieves' Bless skill damage\nby 12%.
Increases the Phantom Thieves' Curse skill damage\nby 10%.
Increases the Phantom Thieves' Curse skill damage\nby 12%.
Increases the Phantom Thieves' Electric skill damage\nby 10%.
Increases the Phantom Thieves' Electric skill damage\nby 12%.
Increases the Phantom Thieves' Fire skill damage\nby 10%.
Increases the Phantom Thieves' Fire skill damage\nby 12%.
Increases the Phantom Thieves' Gun skill damage\nby 10%.
Increases the Phantom Thieves' Gun skill damage\nby 12%.
Increases the Phantom Thieves' Ice skill damage\nby 10%.
Increases the Phantom Thieves' Ice skill damage\nby 12%.
Increases the Phantom Thieves' Nuclear skill damage\nby 10%.
Increases the Phantom Thieves' Nuclear skill damage\nby 12%.
Increases the Phantom Thieves' Physical skill damage\nby 10%.
Increases the Phantom Thieves' Physical skill damage\nby 12%.
Increases the Phantom Thieves' Psy skill damage\nby 10%.
Increases the Phantom Thieves' Psy skill damage\nby 12%.
Increases the Phantom Thieves' Wind skill damage\nby 10%.
Increases the Phantom Thieves' Wind skill damage\nby 12%.
Increases the selection of Personas for fusion.
Increases Tomiyama's Attack by 10 (effective in battle).
Increases Tomiyama's Defense by 10 (effective in battle).
Increases Tomiyama's HP by 40 (effective in battle).
Increases Tomoko's Attack by 10 (effective in battle).
Increases Tomoko's Defense by 10 (effective in battle).
Increases Tomoko's HP by 40 (effective in battle).
Increases Whiff of Iris drop rate by 10% when you play Realm of Repression: Alluring Aroma.
Increases Yaoling's Attack by 10 (effective in battle).
Increases Yaoling's Defense by 10 (effective in battle).
Increases Yaoling's HP by 40 (effective in battle).
Increases Yukimi's Attack by 10 (effective in battle).
Increases Yukimi's Defense by 10 (effective in battle).
Increases Yukimi's HP by 40 (effective in battle).
Indicates Delusional Shadow and Mysterious Shadow stations.
Indicates Showcase of Fortune and Exchange of Fate stations.
Indigo Jacket
Indigo Town Outfit
Inescapable Battle
Inferno
Inferno 1
Inferno 3
Inferno 4
Inferno Set 2
Inferno Set 4
Infiltrating a Palace
Infiltration Know-How
Infiltration Prep
Infiltration Test icon.
Infiltration Tool
Infiltrators
Inflict Sleep on nearby foes
Inflicts Burn on a random target. If inflicted with Burn multiple times, take damage equal to max HP.
Inflicts Shock on a random target. Crit dmg up.
Influence adjustment rate is high. Results are reduced by %s.
Influence adjustment rate is low. Results are reduced by %s.
Influence adjustment rate is normal. Results are reduced by %s.
Influence is low and will not be reduced.
Info 1
Info 10
Info 10
Info 2
Info 3
Info 4
Info 5
Info 6
Info 7
Info 8
Info 9
Inoffensive
Inogami Line
Inokashira Park
Inokashira Park Lake
Insert a coin and see what kind of collectible figure you'll get.
Insert Key
Insert the chip
Inside the massive pyramid, we were reunited with Queen, Fox, Panther, and Skull.
Inside the palace, we found ourselves cornered by Miyazawa's shadow. At that moment, a new power awakened within Shun...
Insight raised to lv. 7.
Insight raised to lv. 8.
Inspired by Heritage Kitchen's fried rice, Shun comes up with a ramen that can be customized to suit the customer, and earns Serizawa's approval to enter it in the contest.
Insta-kill Level
Instantly complete dispatch missions.\n(Up to 3 times per week)
Instantly restores 19.2% of max HP to party.
Instantly restores 23% of max HP to party.
Instantly restores 23% of max HP to party.
Instantly restores 9.6% of max HP to party.
Intake Tower
Integrity
Intel
Intense desires are finally calmed by the serene beauty all around. Amidst the incredible sense of relief, calamity looms beyond the ramparts.
Interested in idols?
Interference
Interference, Oppression
Interference: Moon
Interference: Sky
Interference: Star
Interference: Sun
Interlude
Intermediate
Intermediate Course
Intermediate course unlocked at the batting cages. New prizes will be available at the Batting Points Shop.
Intermediate Crafting
Intermediate Level
Interrupting Stalker
Intersecting Dimensions
Intersecting Hub
Interval Cameras
Into the Pyramid
Inugami's Farewell
Investigate
Investigate the bank reception hall
Investigate the Chamber of Emptiness
Investigate the Chamber of Guilt
Investigate the east side of the employee passage
Investigate the pyramid's underground area
Investigate Underground Vault B1F
Investigate Underground Vault B2F
Investigate Underground Vault B3F
Investigation Area
Invite 2 friends
Invite 3 friends
Invite 4 friends
Invite 5 friends
Invite 5 friends to the pre-registration event.
Invite a friend
Invite an accomplice out
Invite to Virtual Room
Ippon-Datara's Epidemic
Iron Sanction
Irresistible Chinese Cuisine
Irshya
Is this line just\nfor the fitting\nroom?
is this normal for humans
Isis's Farewell
Isn't it fun working lots of part-time jobs together? Thanks for always giving me advice. I'm counting on you!
Isn't there a nicer\nrestaurant nearby?
It feels like I just infiltrated a Palace.\nWhile caught up in my thoughts, I stick my hands in my pockets and...
It has a less muddy taste compared to regular carp, and you can taste a subtle sweetness.
It has been an unusual day. Go home and take a rest.
It seemed she was not able to check everything yet, but you still got plenty of info besides just the password.
It seemed she was not able to check everything yet, but you still got plenty of info besides just the password.
It seems that Kotone's traumatic past has her reluctant to return to competing. Tomoko wonders what she can do to help her out.
It seems that Merope is particularly intrigued by the concept of idols...
It seems there is a girl collecting donations in Shibuya.
It seems unsafe\naround here lately.
It suits you better.
It took them way too\nlong to catch him.
It turns out Chizuko's granddaughter is the girl I saw jump off a rooftop... She's concerned about how to help her granddaughter recover after the incident.
It turns out that Take was forced by his mean friends from the other day to prank Kurotani. Kurotani tries to convince Take to cut ties with them, but he refuses to listen.
It was a pleasant surprise to discover another Persona-user besides us. Although her somewhat loud personality may not be a perfect fit for our covert operations, she is certainly a valuable asset in battle.
It was Yaoling's parents that encouraged her to study abroad, but she's still unsure as to what she should be getting out of it. So in order to understand the purpose of her exchange, she hopes to experience as much as she can while she's here.
It will be easier to get Perfect or Great notes
It's a Deal
It's a free protein day at the gym. Maybe I should head to Shibuya...
It's a nice shop, so\nwhy are the reviews\nso bad?
It's a rainy day, and the library is quiet and perfect for studying...
It's a secret (You might think I'm unhealthy...)
It's always crowded\nhere no matter what\ntime you come.
It's been a while since I cleaned...
It's close enough to the other one.
It's finally time to meet up with Joker again. How is he going to make his entrance this time?
it's more fun watching humans do it
It's Motoha
It's nice to be able\nto go about the city\nwithout fear.
It's not a question of "can" I do it, it's a question of "will" I.
It's not even in the\nnews, and there's no\ninfo online...
It's our destiny as Phantom Thieves to eradicate the influence of the Metaverse.
It's our first time\nmeeting. Hmm, what\nare they like?
It's Ours!
It's raining today. I'll be able to concentrate on studying at home...
It's Showtime!
It's tiring...
It's too crowded.\nI can't shop\nlike this.
Item/Talk Actions
Items
Items you have acquired in the Control Center will be registered at the Lost and Found, and you can receive a collection reward.
Its charmingly-large tailfins provide this tank with the highest maneuverability in the series.\nObtainable at capsule machines around the city.
Its entire body is pure white and unblemished, with fins and a tail resembling a celestial maiden's robe. A rare fish that can only be caught under special conditions.
Its exceptionally air-resistant body makes even the sharpest cornering look like child's play.\nObtainable at capsule machines around the city.
its your own fault
ive been a fan since day 1
Ivory Blazer
Ivory Cotton Hat
Ivory Cotton Pants
Jack Mackerel Manual
Jack mackerel that can be caught in Saganoseki Town. Known for its high quality, it is often used as a premium sashimi ingredient.
Jack-o'-Lantern
Jack-o'-Lantern's Farewell
Jamming Devices
Japanese and\nChinese words
Japanese Book Cover
Japanese Sweets Sets
Japanese vending machines
Japanese Voice Data
Jasmine Tea
Jatayu
Jelly drinks (energy drink flavor)
Jikokuten's Attack increases by 10%. Targets with a shield granted by Sword that Defends the Nation have 15% increased Attack.
Jikokuten's Attack increases by 25%. Targets with a shield granted by Sword that Defends the Nation have 25% increased Attack.
Jikokuten's Attack increases by 40%. Targets with a shield granted by Sword that Defends the Nation have 50% increased Attack.
Jikokuten's Sword that Defends the Nation grants a 100% increased shield. Jikokuten's max HP is increased by 80%.
Jikokuten's Sword that Defends the Nation grants a 25% increased shield. Jikokuten's max HP is increased by 20%.
Jikokuten's Sword that Defends the Nation grants a 55% increased shield. Jikokuten's max HP is increased by 50%.
Jinbocho
Johanna
Join a Companio and form alliances with your friends.
Joined Companio
Joker
Journey's Reflection
Joystick Movement Speed
Judgement
July 11
July 17
Jump
Jump
Jump Down
Jump Up
Jumping into the murky depths, no matter what dangers lie beneath the surface. Summon the courage to chase your desires, never faltering.
Jun Fukuyama
June 21
June 6
Junya Enoki
Just as the Phantom Thieves were about to reach the museum exit, an unexpected obstacle blocked their path. Can they put their heads together to overcome this unanticipated challenge?
Just as they had hoped, the Phantom Thieves managed to infiltrate Kaneshiro's palace with Makoto's help. There, they encounter Kaneshiro's shadow.
Just focus on business.
Just heard from Musubi
Just heard something\nincredible
just keeps getting harder... i don't think i could even do this.
Just let me eat you already!
Just one coin could be all it takes to get the capsule I've had my eye on!
Just one taste of shaved ice brings back those happy summer memories. No trip to the beach would be complete without it!
Just then, the head of the Disciplinary Committee happened to pass by and helped you out.
Justice
Justine
Kaede Hondo
Kaiwan
Kaiwan's Rampage
Kamiyama
Kamiyama cut-in that\ndisplays during battle.
Kamiyama Transformation Tile
Kamiyama's skills allow him to convert allies' HP into a shield. He can use it on Ryuji to reduce his HP, which increases his attack power. Miyu can provide extra shields to protect the party when their HP is low.
Kamoshida Boss
Kana Ichinose
Kanda
Kanda is known for its famous temples and churches, which are nestled among numerous universities and bookstores.
Kaneshiro Boss
Kano-kun? Yeah, he's in my class. He's always got this serious look on his face.
Kasumi
Katana Tounge's Other Side
Katayama Boss Battle
Katayama Boss Battle Scene
Katayama's Palace
Katayama's Palace Revisisted
Katayama's Treasure Room
Katsuyuki Konishi
Kayo Tomiyama
Keep Going
Keeping in touch\nwith Mama
Keeps the most recent IMs displayed in the bottom-left corner of the main screen when enabled.
Kendama
Key Switch
Keycard
Kichijoji Meat Cutlet Shop Job Bonus
Kick from Companio
Kids' Anime Body Pillow
Kin-Ki
Kin-Ki's Rampage
kinda in love with this challenger? anyone else think he's super hot?
Kinetic Energy
King Bot
King's Castle
King's Castle
King's Room
Kira Kitazato
Kitazato
Kitazato explained his reasoning to me. He has noticed that many of his patients seem to be losing their desire to live, and to test out his hypothesis, he has been observing the reactions of his opponents in the shooting game. He seems to detect something special in me...
Kitazato may have impressive medical knowledge, but his social skills seem a bit lacking... Despite the efforts of his doting older sister, he's never learned how to interact with women...
Kitazato told the patient about his past and his reasons for becoming a doctor. He once had a young patient who, despite their strong will to survive, unfortunately passed away. The patient was moved by Kitazato's desire to save lives while there is still hope...
Kitazato unexpectedly told me he was cancelling his experiment. When I pressed him for more info, he said that one of his patients had chosen to opt out of surgery, despite the potential for a cure. The patient's decision shocked him...
Kitazato's Skills
Kitchen Goods Set
Kitty Pajamas
Kiuchi Boss Battle
Kiuchi had set his sights on Motoha as his next target, and attempted to attack her on her way to school.
Kiuchi's heart was successfully changed, and you went out for ramen with your teammates to celebrate.
Kiuchi's Palace Revisited
Kiuchi's Past
Kiuchi's pitch got\nhit by some kid.\nNo way, right?
Kiuchi's Shadow
Kiuchi's shadow awaited us in the depths of his palace. Will Motoha be able to settle her past with Kiuchi once and for all?
Kiuchi-sama...\nWhere is he, anyway?
Kiyoshi Kurotani
Kiyoshi Kurotani discovered a piece of land at school where plants can't grow, and we decided to investigate the secrets of these harrowed grounds together.
Kiyoshi Kurotani. Codename: Key. It's not "Ki" like Kiyoshi, it's "Key" as in "lock and key," okay?
Klepto Couple
Know Your Attributes
Know Your Attributes 2
Knowing old words
Known as Ayu in Japan, this fish is a special summer delicacy. It's usually prepared using a unique cooking method.
Known as Book Town, Jinbocho is home to a wide variety of publishing houses and bookstores, many specializing in used books.
Kodama
Kodama's Rampage
Kokatsu Academy Bag
Kokatsu Academy Uniform
Kokatsu Academy's soccer team has become a force to be reckoned with. Continue conquering the field and never settle for less.
Koki Uchiyama
Koppa Tengu's Epidemic
Koppa Tengu's Invasion
Koropokguru's Epidemic
Kotone
Kotone couldn't understand the theme of the choreography at all, and her coach wasn't too happy with her... She came to me for some advice.
Kotone cut-in that displays\nduring an All-Out Attack.
Kotone cut-in that\ndisplays during battle.
Kotone Montagne
Kotone took me with her as she danced on the ice, and we talked about her many worries. However, she was glad that her dance caught my eye...
Kotone Transformation Tile
Kotone was able to remain calm and professional in front of the mass media. The reporter who had secretly photographed us before changed their tune after seeing Kotone's dance, and hearing some words from her coach...
Kotone was floored when Coach Kuroe decided to retire, but I was there to help her get back up...
Kotone was overjoyed by the cheer song. Seeing her motivated helped regain Tomoko's confidence and find hope for the future.
Koumokuten's Eye of Heaven now marks 2 targets. Koumokuten's max HP increases by 80%.
Kraken
Kraken
Kumbhanda
Kumbhanda's Invasion
Kung Fu Monkey
Kurama Tengu's Invasion
Kurotani
Kurotani asks Take to lead him to his so-called friends, so he can settle this once and for all. The tense confrontation culminates with Take defending Kurotani, and bravely standing up to the bullies himself.
Kurotani cut-in that displays\nduring an All-Out Attack.
Kurotani cut-in that\ndisplays during battle.
Kurotani Transformation Tile
Kushinada
Kyouryuu Jewelry
Lackluster
Lair of Arcane Flame
lame
Land sakes, that Shadow Bessa is drivin' me up the wall... Keeps harpin' on about findin' guests for their show's opening ceremony. I'd be much obliged if you could round up your friends with pizzazz and sparkle, that's sure to get 'em off my back so I can get back to my deliveries!
Large Boilie
Large Fish
Larger than the average sea bass, with better meat quality. A classic taste of summer cookouts.
Last Name
Last Words?
Later, Mr. Yamanashi asked Riko to help out Akashi, which they both agreed to.
Later, you and Lufel paid a visit to a clinic in Yongen-Jaya.
Later, you saw a news report on Kiuchi's arrest, and decided to continue your work as a Phantom Thief.
Later, you talked with Shun on the rooftop and learned his past, as well as his true reason for accepting Miyazawa's challenge.
Later: %s
Laughing
Launch
Laundering Office
League Legend
Leaning
Learn more about fishing.
Learn more about performing music.
Learn more recipes to cook.
Learn new places you can visit.
Learn to craft more infiltration items.
Learn to make Chinese cuisine and battle items.
Learn to make more drinks.
Learn to plant more and shorten harvest time.
Learned
Leather Gloves
Leather Pants
Leather Pen Case
Leather Shoes
Leave Cover
Leave without trading any Lost Items.
Leblanc
Left This Week: %s/%s
Lens Flare
Leo unfortunately failed the audition. He seemed uncertain of how he was meant to perform...
Let the Swords Swing
Let us fight 'til the very end...
Let us pray.
Let's ask Shichi-kun\nif he knows any new\nshops nearby!
Let's be friends
Let's beat it.
Let's check out\nthat shop.
Let's get a drink\nafter we eat!
Let's give it lots of water, then!
Let's Go
Let's go back to\nthat old shop!
Let's go buy\nsome flowers.
Let's go eat at\nthat new shop.
Let's go eat cr\xeapes.
Let's go get\nsomething to drink.
Let's go to the\nunderground mall\nat the station.
Let's go to\nShinjuku.
Let's go to\nthe bookstore.
Let's hurry home.\nIt's been dangerous\nhere lately.
Let's just eat\nsomething.
Let's just go get\nramen from\nVictory Kitchen.
Let's just go to a\nplace with\nsolid reviews
Let's play cards.
Let's play with your toys.
Let's see what you're made of...
Leucothea
Level
Level 1
Level 2
Level 3
Level 4
Level 5
Level Cap Increased
Level Cap Increased
Level Cap Increased to 35
Level Cap Increased to 45
Level Cap Increased to 60
Level Cap Increased to 70
Level Cap Increased to 85
Level Cap Increased to 95
Level Cap Increased to 99
Level of Detail
Liam is a top agent whose only loyalty is to the mission. When he finds a young girl whose family was murdered, he reluctantly takes her under his wing, and together they set down the road of revenge...
Liam: The Dependable
Library
Lie down
Lie down
Lie Down
Light 'Em Up!
Light 'em up!
Light Blue Cotton Pants
Light Blue Designer Sweater
Light Blue Fringe Boots
Light Blue Jacket
Light Blue Knit Outfit
Light Blue Summer Outfit
Light Brown Capris
Light damage to all targets. Charge 15 s.
Light Gray Beanie
Light Gray Long Boots
Lightning Fast
Lightning-Cursed Door
LIKES
Lilim's Rampage
Limited Edition Keychain
Limited Fountain Pen
Lion Dance with Shiisaa
Lion of March: Burned Wastes
Lion of March: Road
Lionhearted
Listen to Ayaka's song
Listen to this
Listen to what the Shadows have to say and help them make choices, and you may receive Lost Items or Railway Coins.
Listen to what the Shadows have to say and help them make choices, and you may receive Lost Items or Railway Coins.
Listen to what the Shadows have to say and help them make choices, and you may receive Lost Items or Railway Coins.\nMany positive events may occur.
Listen to what the Shadows have to say and help them make choices, and you may receive Lost Items or Railway Coins.\nThere's a higher chance of something good happening.
Listening to the voice, the protagonist remembered events from his past. He recalled his anger at the injustice he had suffered, and with that conviction, his rebellious inner self awakened to fight the injustice that stood before him!
literally screaming
Live-action hero shows
Living Room
Load the Chamber!
Load!
Lobby: South
Locked Treasure Chests
LOD
Log
Log in for 1 day
Log in for 3 days
Log in for 7 days
Log in next week to obtain
Log in to the game
Log in to the game every day to receive daily rewards.\nRewards will be unlocked sequentially based on the total number of login days. Daily rewards reset at 8 PM UTC.
Login
lol
lol simp
lol. lmao, even.
Long Corridor
Look underneath
looked like it
Looking at the towering Palace in the distance, Mona says it feels somewhat nostalgic. With no other choice, we decided to go and check it out...
Looking for a Playmate
Looking Sharp
Lookout Partner
Looks like a new\nmovie is coming out.
Looks like Heritage Kitchen is packed with customers today...
Looks like I could take a shift at the beef bowl restaurant in Shibuya today. I'll do my best...
Looks like there's a special hot bath at the bathhouse today. I could go try it out...
Looming Danger, Unforgivable Crimes -1
LOOOOOL
Loop Passageway
Lord of War
Lose 1 Lost Item, and receive 1 random new Lost Item.
Lose 1 Lost Item, and receive 200 Railway Coins.
Lose 2 Lost Items, and receive 1 Orange Charm.
Lose 2 Lost Items, and receive 2 random new Lost Items.
Lose 2 Lost Items, and select 2 new Lost Items.
Lose 20 Railway Coins.
Lose all of your current Railway Coins. Increases all Phantom Thieves' damage dealt by 10% for every 100 coins lost.
Lost 1 Aphrodite's Blessing...
Lost 1 buff!
Lost 1 Energy Accumulation stack!
Lost 1 Pan's Protection...
Lost 1 Power of the Sun!
Lost all Power of the Sun!
Lost and Found
Lost Item Box
Lost Items
Lost Shadow
Lost Shadow: Blessing
Lost Shadow: Encounter
Loungewear
Loungewear
Love
Love and Constraint
Love and Future
Love and Hope
Love and Longing
Love and Order
Love Is Forever
LOVE LOVE LOVE LOVE LOVE
Love Takes Courage
love this kind of thing. never stop
Love this show! Looking forward to every episode!
love this!
Love You
Love: Moon
Love: Sky
Love: Star
Love: Sun
loved this!!! can't wait for next one!!!
Lovely Melody
loving this!!! hope they do 2 eps tomorrow!
Low risk, low return.
Low,High
Low,Medium,High
Low,Medium,High
Low,Medium,High,Best
Low,Standard,Semi-High,High,Best
Lower Difficulty
Lower North
Lower South
Lower Volume
Lu
Lucky
Lucky Cat
Lucky Clover
Lufel
Lufel cut-in that displays\nduring an All-Out Attack.
Lufel cut-in that\ndisplays during battle.
Lufel flew above Shibuya and scattered a huge flurry of Kiuchi's calling cards over the plaza.
Lufel is certain that Miyazawa must be a Palace ruler, so we decided to make him our next target.
Lufel told us it was possible that Ms. Katayama may have a Palace. Shun was doubtful at first, but it turns out Lufel was right.
Lufel Transformation Tile
Lufel's "Business" Plan will update occasionally
Lufel's "Business" Plan will update occasionally.
Lufel, with his strange fixation on desire, witnesses the protagonist undergo a startling transformation...
Lunchtime
Lunge 1
Lunge 2
Lunge 3
Lunge 4
Lunge Set
Lunge Set 2
Lunge Set 4
Luxury
Luxury Aroma Set
Luxury Chest
Luxury Dollhouse
Luxury Sports Watch
Luxury: Moon
Luxury: Sky
Luxury: Star
Luxury: Sun
Lv. 20 Cattle
Lv. 20 Mont
Lv. 20 Okyann
Lv. 30 Cattle
Lv. 30 Closer
Lv. 30 Soy
Lv. 40 Closer
Lv. 50 Closer
Lv. 50 Soy
Lv. 70 Soy
Lychee Shrimp Balls
m
Ma
Machinery Room
Mackerel Manual
Madarame Boss
Madarame held a press conference, where he tearfully confessed to plagiarism and the abuse of his students. This live broadcast instantly brought the name of the Phantom Thieves into the public spotlight.
Made a group chat
Mafia Enforcer
Magic Lamp
Magnetic Necklace
Magnificent Palace
Maihama
Mail
Main Bailey
Main Card
Main Character Energy
Main Entrance
Main Stadium Entrance
Main Story
Maintains graphics quality in fast-paced scenes by adjusting to display capabilities. Depending on your system, this may cause your frame rate to be lower than expected.
Majestic Palace
Makami's Epidemic
Make friends, experience city life together, and explore the Metaverse.
Make Merope your exclusive concierge.
Make Ready!
Make Shaved Ice
Make sure to take\na good one!
Make the enemy's ! mark appear
Making marionette costumes, budgeting
Makoto
Makoto had recorded the Phantom Thieves' discussion on her phone, and used it to blackmail them into changing someone's heart for her.
Makoto's Skills
Malabar Grouper Manual
Malevolent Possession
Mamoru Kadota
Mamoru Kadota
Mamoru Miyano
Man, school was fun.\nAside from tests and\nbeing broke...
Managing Visitors
Mandrin Awakens
Mango Ice
Manju
Many Ways to Grow
Map
Maple Leaf Jinbei
Mapo Tofu
Mariya Ise
Marking Destinations
Marthym's Exchange Voucher
Marthym's Point Card
Marthym's Pop-Up Shop
Marthym's Rewards Card Reward Compensation
Marthym's Shop
Marthym's shop available at this station.
Marthym's Shop is expandin' again with a brand-new trade route! It's excitin', sure, but this one's really dark and difficult to navigate. Could any of your friends help support me while I'm out there?
Marthym's Shop Screen
Marthym's Shop/Marthym's Trading Post
Marthym's Shopping Bag
Marthym's Trading Post
Masaki Ashiya
Masaki Ashiya
Masako Katsuki
Masataka Takeda
Master
Master Chef
Master Volume
Masterful
Masu Salmon Manual
Matador
Matador's Duel
Matador's Threat
Match the colors of the small and large monitors in order to pass.
Matcha Ice Cream
Material
Material Dungeon
Material Dungeon Mission
Materials Bag
Materials Dungeon
Materials Only
Math is so hard...
Max HP
Max HP Up
May 1
May 20
maybe
Maybe a bit more?
Maybe a gun?
Maybe around 5,000 TB?
Maybe I could go to Kichijoji for some karaoke...
Maybe I should buy\nsome new clothes.
Maybe I should help out at the beef bowl restaurant in Shibuya...
Maybe I should stay home and study...
Maybe I should work at Heritage Kitchen today...
Maybe I should work at the convenience store in Shibuya today...
Maybe I'll go play at the arcade in Shibuya...
Maybe I'm cursed...\nShould I get my\nfortune told?
Maybe it's because I joined the school's band club, but I can't help but notice the girl standing with a guitar at Shibuya Station Square. She's not playing anything, and seems to be looking for something. I glance at the small piece of paper I just picked up. It's a street performance permit, and it says her name is Ayaka Sakai. Through this chance encounter, the two of us become acquainted. It seems as though she's struggling to muster up the courage to perform in public...
maybe tomorrow?
Mayumi
Mayumi
Me? Hmmm... I guess I tend to follow my gut. But maybe that also means I might not be great at thinking things through. Ahaha...
Meanwhile, Motoha was overjoyed to hear that her best friend Tomoko was scouted for the baseball team.
Meanwhile, the Menace known only as the "Hit-and-Run Rider" is causing chaos in the city at night.
Meanwhile, you found the location of Miyazawa's Palace within Mementos, and attempted to begin your infiltration.
Measuring less than a foot tall even when fully grown, they are often kept as pets.\nObtainable from a Zoshigaya-exclusive capsule machine.
Meat in general
Meat Pie
Mechanical Slave
Medic
Medicine
Meditate at the temple
Meditating at the temple could help clear my mind...
Meditation
Medium Boilie
Medium damage to all targets. Charge 15 s.
Medium-Sized Fish
Melee Attack
Melon Ice
Members
Mementos
Mementos Battle Scene
Mementos Boss
Mementos Entrance
Mementos has a total of eight floors.
Mementos is lookin' rougher than a tumbleweed in a tornado these days. All these odd desires are stirrin' the Shadows into a frenzy and it's makin' life hard for a small business owner like me. I could definitely benefit from some hired muscle. Could any of your friends shield me from danger?
Mementos Prologue
Mementos Rewards
Mementos Substitute
Mementos: Path of Aiyatsbus
Memorial Plaza
Memories
Memories of Friends
Memory Expansion-L9
Men's Sun Hat
Meng Po
Mental Beacon
Mental Energy
Mental Energy is the energy harvested from the emotions of the dam workers.
Mental Interference Device
Mental Interference Lamp
Mentioned you\nduring dinner
Menu
Merope
Merope explained the necessity of idol poses to me, and seemed quite pleased when I pulled them off...
Merope insisted that there is much to be learned from idols, as they, too, must wear many masks.
Merope noticed some disruptive fans at Narumi's photo session and stood up to them for her favorite idol.
Merope pays another visit to Narumi's caf\xe9 and is pleased to see that the producer has had a complete change of heart. With Narumi back to her cheerful self and working happily again, she gives Merope a special gift...
Merope sees a glimmer of potential in Narumi Nashimoto, an indie idol she encounters in Akihabara, and suggests paying a visit to the concept caf\xe9 Narumi works at\u2014purely for the sake of studying idols, of course.
Merope took me to the concept caf\xe9 that Narumi works at. As Merope made her order, I could tell she had done her research...
Merope's Chat
Met Pops the other day
Met this old guy\non my morning run
Meta Jewels
Meta Jewels
Metaverse
Metaverse Challenge
Metaverse Explorers
Metaverse Hideout
Metaverse Marauders
Metaverse Reunion
Metaverse Seals
Metro Guidebook
Metro of Desire
Metro of Desire
Metro of Desire ambient effect. Every 3 actions, reduce max HP by 5% for all allies and foes.
Metro of Desire ambient effect.\nAt the start of battle, and after every 5 turns, all allies and enemies take a certain amount of damage and gain 1 Power of Passion stack.\nPower of Passion: Damage taken increased by 5%. Stacks up to 15 times. Can be removed.
Metro of Desire: Backpack
Metro of Desire: Battles
Metro of Desire: Charms
Metro of Desire: Events
Metro of Desire: How to Play
Metro of Desire: Lost Items
Metro of Desire: Resupplying
Metro of Desire: Trade
Metro of Desire: Treasure Chests
Mhmhm, let us play together...
Mid-level Cooling Facility
Mid-level East Facility
Mid-level North
Mid-level North Corridor
Mid-level South
Mid-level West Corridor
Might be out of shape...
Migratory fish. Also known as living fossils of the water. They have only cartilage in their bodies and are delicious.
Milady
Milicoin Set
Milicoin Set II
Milicoin Set III
Milk Pudding
Million Sweets
Milquetoast
Minami
Minami and her father are finally able to speak openly to one another, and at last, the unease in her heart has faded away.
Minami cut-in that displays\nduring an All-Out Attack.
Minami has a dream to become a nurse, but seems reluctant to tell her father about it.
Minami has been looking after the children to help out the people of the neighborhood.
Minami has excellent healing and Max HP-boosting skills. She can also cure debuffs and increase the damage of allies when she heals them. Her support abilities can be useful in a variety of different parties.
Minami Miyashita's Skills
Minami wants to pursue her dream, but she's worried about her family's shop... She decides to open up to her father about her ambitions.
Mind Control
Mind if I pick\nyour brain?
Mind Robots
mind=blown. who tf is this guy?
Minding what I say
Mindscape
MINDSCAPE MATERIALS
Mini Cactus
Mini Lufel D\xe9cor
Mini Map
Mini Speaker
Minnow Manual
Mint Jinbei
Miraculous Lottery
Misers
Miso Ramen
Mission 130070
Mission 130216
Mission 130254
Mission 130255
Mission Bag
Mission Tracking
Missions
Mithras
Miura Beach
Mixed Nuts
Miyazawa held a press conference where he confessed to his crimes. The results of his change of heart were even greater than we expected.
Miyazawa proposed the Food Fight under the orders of some mysterious person.
Miyazawa ruined\nVictory Kitchen's\nflavor...?
Miyazawa suggested settling the matter in a "Food Fight", and Shun accepted the challenge.
Miyazawa tried to strongarm Masa into helping with the rigged Food Fight, but Masa refused.
Miyazawa's a Menace?\nBut his show was\nso good...
Miyazawa's channel\nis gonna bite\nthe dust now!
Miyazawa's desires had been distorted from his failure to become the true professional he always aspired to be. Left dejected from his defeat, Miyazawa is approached by Shun...
Miyazawa's Palace Exploration
Miyazawa's Palace Infiltration
Miyazawa's Palace Revisited
Miyazawa's Shadow
Miyazawa's Shadow mentioned someone just before fading away. Could they be the true culprit?
Miyu
Miyu cut-in that displays\nduring an All-Out Attack.
Miyu cut-in that\ndisplays during battle.
Miyu got into some trouble during a performance in Shinjuku, but I called the police and they chased the troublemakers off. Miyu expressed her gratitude, and promised she will tell me more when the opportunity arises.
Miyu has moved her performances to Kichijoji now. I met with her at a restaurant, where she told me about her dream of becoming a puppeteer, and her conflict with her parents...
Miyu invited me to visit all kinds of different places with her. At the aquarium, she opened up about her insecurities, and said very earnestly that I've helped her find new strength. How should I respond...?
Miyu is an Elucidator who specializes in strengthening the allies' defense. She can provide shields and increased Defense to her allies, protecting them from powerful enemy attacks.
Miyu Sahara
Miyu started her performance in Kichijoji once again, but the mysterious man in black tried to get in the way once again. She thinks she may have an idea who he is...
Miyu Transformation Tile
Miyu's performance in Kichijoji was a success. As she told the story of the Little Mermaid, she earnestly expressed the mermaid's desire to stand on her own two feet...
Mobile Camera Sensitivity
Mobile puzzle games
Mobile Zoom Sensitivity
Modest Palace
Modify Weapon Cognition
Moha
Mom was asking about you
Monday
Money
Monitoring Point: Guardian Star
Monitoring Point: Life Star
Monitoring Point: Palace Star
Monitoring Point: Palace Star
Monjayaki Shop
Mont Blanc
Monthly Milicoin Set
Monthly Platinum Set
Mood-Changing Meds
Moon on the Water
Moonfish
Moonlight Brooch
More new items are available at the Catch 'n' Trade
More new items are available at the Catch 'n' Trade.
More than 90 PERFECT.
Morgana
Morgana Awakening Set
Morgana cut-in that displays\nduring an All-Out Attack.
Morgana cut-in that\ndisplays during battle.
Morgana is a Medic with impressive fighting capabilities. When he uses his various skills, he gains Chivalry, which allows him to automatically heal allies who are low on HP when they act. His Highlight skill can even revive fallen allies, making him versatile in both offensive and support roles.
Morgana Transformation Tile
Morning
Most Wanted Ph. Idol
Most Wanted Phantom Thieves have a higher chance to appear in Most Wanted Phantom Idol Contracts.
Mothman
Motoha and I decided to hit the gym. Working out with the dumbbells was tougher than I thought.
Motoha and I returned to the batting cages, but she still hasn't reached her former glory. There, we met Tamayo Yoshida, who considers Motoha her rival.
Motoha Arai
Motoha Arai Visual
Motoha Arai, the girl who sits in front of me in class, told me about the popular site, Divine Justice, and its administrator, Magatsukami.
Motoha Awakening
Motoha cut-in that displays\nduring an All-Out Attack.
Motoha cut-in that\ndisplays during battle.
Motoha has become all the more determined to work hard as part of the Phantom Thieves, for the sake of her and everybody's future.
Motoha is capable of attacking all enemies with multiple hits. Try teaming up with a Phantom Thief like Sumi, who receives benefits the more times his allies hit.
Motoha is really popular. She's earnest, kind, and great at sports... though she can be a little lax at times. I'm proud to call her my best friend!
Motoha pleaded with the police to do something about Kiuchi, but with their desires stolen from them, they had no motivation to help.
Motoha realized just how fixated she had been on competing with Tamayo. Having remembered her original reason to stay in shape, the weight is lifted off her shoulders.
Motoha starts an intense training regimen at the batting cages to prepare for her match with Tamayo. She strives to not stop training until she gets the results she needs to win.
Motoha Transformation Tile
Motoha was glad to hear that you wanted to continue your Phantom Thief activities, and hopes to continue working together.
Motoha's Chat
Motoha's Past
Motomachi Chinatown
Motorbike Figure
Mountain of Cash
Mournful Record
Mouse Camera Sensitivity
Mouse Right-Click Settings
Mouse Zoom Sensitivity
Mouthwatering Chicken
Move Back
Move Forward
Move Left
Move Master
Move Right
Move Right
Move the king to the goal
Movie AllowedTL-Talk on the train
Movie Theater Bonus
Ms. Katayama has been condemned as a Menace, but there must be more to this than meets the eye...
Ms. Katayama has been suspended. This was a completely unexpected development, and we think Akashi must be behind it. We set off to investigate him, but then Riko-senpai showed up...
Ms. Katayama objected to the introduction of the new educational consultant, Kei Akashi.
Ms. Katayama seemed worried about how busy Riko always is, but when Akashi showed up, she suddenly became enraged.
Ms. Katayama was suspended from school due to accusations of violent behavior.
Mullet in its breeding season. It can be used to prepare rare and expensive dishes such as karasumi.
Mullet Manual
Multi-Frequency Radio
Multiplayer Game
Mung Bean Milk
Mural: Chicken
Mural: Pig
Mural: Snake
Murky Set
Museum
Museum 1F: 1st Exhibit Room
Museum 1F: Special Exhibit Room
Museum 2F: 2nd Exhibit Room
Museum and Bank Arcs
Museum Entrance
Museum Exhibition Room
Museum Madarame Boss
Museum Safe Room
Museum Treasure Hall
Music Box
Music Player
My belly is nice and warm, you know...
my brain hurts
My entire body is\ncovered in grilled\nmeat stink.
My Fave Is Justice
my first love
My hands can do different things at the same time
My heart races every\ntime I see you.
My high school memories... Well, I definitely remember putting together a band with my friends. Everyone worked so hard on our songs, and we practiced so much to put on a concert... It really was fun.
My luck's no good\nlately. Maybe I'll\ngo to a shrine.
My memory is currently incomplete. I understand the way to regain it is to steal the distorted desires, otherwise known as Treasure, from Palace rulers.
My muscles are\nkilling me. I've\nbeen slacking.
My Name Is
My Name Is Beauty Thief
My name is Lufel. Codename: Cattle. Remember it.
My name's Yaoling Li! I'm from Sichuan, China. Nice to meet you!
My name's Yui! If you've got any questions about the virtual world, ask away!
My Own Two Feet
my sides are in orbit
My stars, have you ever seen a castle this big? I thought castles were supposed to be old, too... but what's with all these cameras? I ain't got the brains for these puzzles either, so if you know someone who does, I'll make sure you get a cut of the treasure!
My upper body strength...? It wouldn't be difficult to demonstrate, but I'll leave it to your imagination.
My vocal cords feel strong today. It might be a good time to go to Kichijoji to sing karaoke...
Mysterious Baseball Stadium
Mysterious Boilie
Mysterious Boilie
Mysterious Castle
Mysterious Station
Mysterious Treasure Chest
Mystery Candy
Mystery Flame
Mystical Crystal Ball
Naga's Farewell
Naga's Rampage
Nagisa\xa4Kamisiro
Nagiuri Bookstore
Nah, I'm good.
Name on the License
Nana Mizuki
Narumi's caf\xe9 is being run by a corrupt producer. We'll make him pay for exploiting these idols.
Natural Talent
Navy & White Jinbei
Navy Cuffed Pants
Navy Jacket
Navy Shoulder Bag
Navy Town Outfit
Near Yongen-Jaya Station, Yaoling happens to see her neighbor, Yukimi Fujikawa, being yelled at by her mother. Yaoling feels troubled, and she wonders what she can do to help her.
Nearby Town
Nebiros
Necessary to progress in the story.
Necronomicon
Negotiation Tactics
Neighborhood Stylist
Neighbors
Neko Shogun's Farewell
Nemertes
Never,First Time Only,Always
New Areas
New items are available at the Catch 'n' Trade
New items are available at the Catch 'n' Trade.
New Member
New mocktail recipes...
New Paths in Mementos
New Phantom Idol Contract
New Promises
new season when new season when new season when new season when new season when
new season when? new season when?
new season when???
New season, new traps, new challenges! I'll be watching!
New skills can be learned by increasing the Phantom Thief's level, and can be strengthened after reaching a certain level. Also, increasing the Phantom Thief's hidden ability level will strengthen their hidden ability skills; likewise, increasing awareness will strengthen awareness skills.
New song unlocked.
New UFO Drone
New Velvet Trials
New Velvet Trials Battle Scene
Newcomer Contracts
Newcomer Pass
News
Newsboy Cap
next episode confirmed peak
next episode is the finale, right? last stage is gonna be crazy. cant wait
Next...
nice
nice change of pace
nice!
Nice. I'm gonna\npost this online.
Night
Night Runner
NIGHTMARE
Nightmare
NIGHTMARE
Nightmare's Gateway
Nightmare's Gateway Player Rank Rewards
Nightmare's Gateway Rank Rewards
no announcement?
No comment
No Country for Young Men
No Filter
No messages from the leader.
No messages.
No new stores are\nopening lately...
No news from\nDivine Justice...
no one is beating this guy. lol
No Popups
No recent changes.
No Restrictions
No sign of any demons
No Special Most Wanted Draw
No special party conditions
No special Persona conditions
No updates from\nDivine Justice yet.
No Words
Nobuhiko Okamoto
Noir's mood darkened when she looked upon the robots forced to work like slaves.\nWind, who had experienced similar circumstances, empathized with Noir.\nDespite it all, the two now have each other, as well as close allies, to support them along the way.
None shall enter!
Noodles as a staple food
NOOOOO
NORMAL
Normal Attack
Normal Battle Charms
NoRMaL Build
Normal Lost Item
Normal Pose
Normal Shadows detected at this station.
Normal Shop
NoRMaL,HaRD
North Corridor
North Garden
North Hallway
North Side
Northeast
Northeast Area
Northern Dig Site
Northern Rooftop
Northwest
Northwest Area
Northwest Garden
Not bad...
Not just watching videos...
Not long ago, it was just packed full of people, but lately it's been a little lonely. But now, thanks to Russet and our farm, I'm not lonely at all anymore!
Not only does The Red Panther feature a sleek, red body, a lightweight undercarraige, and a turbo engine, but it also comes outfitted with hyper-realistic cat-ear-shaped headlights.\nObtainable at capsule machines around the city.
Not telling!
Not this nonsense again! That bandit Shadow leader's back, and he's got a whole crew of armored guards tougher than a cast-iron skillet. I'm beggin' ya sugar\u2014you gotta save me!
Nothing beats a\nhearty home-cooked\nmeal.
Nothing beats the\nusual go-to!
Notorious Rebel I
Notorious Rebel II
Notorious Rebel III
November 29
November 5
Novice Thief Support
Now I don't have to\nbe so scared to go\nout anymore.
Now that I'm expandin' my business, I need to get out there and start new ventures... But land sakes, all the good spots are far off, and I'm feelin' a bit uneasy about goin' it alone. I'd sure appreciate havin' some company so I stay safe while I handle my goods. Got any pals who'd make good bodyguards?
Now that Kaneshiro recognized Makoto as a customer of his bank, the Phantom Thieves realized this might be their ticket into his Palace, and brought Makoto along with them to the Metaverse.
Now then...
Now, I don't mean to fuss, but a Shiisaa's been out on the road practicin' their lion dance like they're tryin' to summon a rainstorm. Gotta say, it's mighty impressive, but they've gone and blocked the whole dang road! Perhaps if someone joined in, they'd move along. Know anyone with fancy footwork like that?
Nuclear
Nuclear and Psychokinesis 101
Nuclear Damage Taken
Nuclear Formation
Nuclear Mult. +
Nuclear Winter
Numerous theaters and concert venues make Shimo-Kitazawa a culture hub.\nAlso the location of Kokatsu Academy.
Nylon Gloves
O
Obariyon
Obariyon? Here?
Oberon
Oblivious
Observer
Obtain
Obtain a large amount of Konpaku Gems.
Obtain all battle awards.
Obtain all City Life awards.
Obtain all home awards.
Obtain all Metaverse awards.
Obtain all Persona training awards.
Obtain all Phantom Thief training awards.
Obtain all Raffle prizes
Obtain all story awards.
Obtain all Synergy awards.
Obtain Anecdote Cubes and Legend Cubes.
Obtain Glasses
Obtain hidden ability materials.
Obtain Mindscape enhancement materials.
Obtain Personas, their Seals, Wonder EXP Credits, Repression Medals, and Konpaku Gems.
Obtain points and rank up
Obtain Revelation Cards.
Obtain Silver and Gold Parts.
Obtain Skill
Obtain skill level-up materials.
Obtain the pyramids's Treasure
Obtain the spaceport's Treasure
Obtain Thief Compendium Volumes and Tomes.
Obtain Tycoon Points by completing Weekly, Seasonal, and Career challenges.\nWeekly challenges are refreshed every Sunday at 8 PM UTC and last for 1 week.\nSeasonal challenges are refreshed at the beginning of a season and last for the duration of the season.\nCareer challenges do not refresh, but the challenge content is updated each season.
Obtain various books.
Obtain various outfits.
Obtain weapon overclock materials.
Occupation
Octopus
Odaiba Seaside Park
Oddest Pose Award
Off the Rails
Offensive Language
Office
Official Server
Official Server
Official Site Reward (Lufel)
Ogikubo
Oh dearie me... A couple of Matadors are tauntin' each other. What's a poor li'l business owner to do? If only some kind souls with a knack for defendin' others were to step in... Hint, hint.
Oh dearie. My poor little shoulders've been feelin' stiff as a fence post lately. But I can't just up and leave the shop unattended, now can I? Say, maybe you could lend me a hand? If you have any friends that can help support me, why I'd be happier than a pig in the sunshine!
Oh no! I'm going\nto be late for\nmy shift!
Oh no! I'm gonna be\nlate for my date!
Oh no... That Succubus is back, and she brought her girlfriends along! We're outnumbered, but this might be our golden opportunity to flip the script and send 'em packin' for good. Remember to bring friends who're really, really good at weakening enemies and I'll be forever grateful!
Oh right...
Oh, Miyazawa just\nposted some kind of\nannouncement.
Ohoho
OK
Okumura Boss Battle Scene
Okuninushi's Farewell
Old Bottle
Old Castle
Old Castle 1F
Old Castle 2F
Old Castle 3F
Old Castle Break Room
Old Castle Hallway
Old Castle Interior Battle
Old Castle Kamoshida Boss
Old Castle Parkour Dungeon Battle Scene
Old Castle Top Floor Battle
Old Castle: Castle Gate
Old Castle: Central Hall
Old Castle: East 2F
Old Castle: Top Floor
Old Castle: West Building 1F
Old Castle: West Building 2F
Old movies aren't\nbad. What's showing\nnext month?
Ombre Denim
Omelette Rice
Omni-Vitamins
On %s, during the event %s, you did not claim the %s goal reward. It has been delivered to you via this message.
On a rainy day, you and Motoha forgot to bring umbrellas, so Riko Tanemura offered both of you a ride in her car to school.
On idol photo shoots
On the Den Level screen, you can check all of your Thieves Den level effects, and claim rewards when you reach certain levels.
On the Effects screen, you can check the effects of all items you have collected in the Thieves Den. These effects are applied even if the items are not on display.
On the first day of school, it rained heavily.\nSeeking shelter from the rain, I ended up beside another student...
On the memory stick is a video message left by her mother. Riko struggles to fight back the tears as she watches it, finally understanding her parents' love for her.
On the Phantom Thieves
On the Phantom Thieves menu, you can check each character's stats and train them by tapping the icon on the bottom right of the screen.
On the Rooftop
On the train to Shinjuku, Motoha asked Lufel about regaining his lost memories.\nAccording to Lufel, each Treasure may return part of his memories, and there are seven of them in total.
On the way to school, I found a train pass with a baseball mitt keychain attached to it. I need to return it to its owner.
On the way to school, you happened to meet Tomoko. She was discharged from the hospital and seemed to be doing much better.
On Upper-Body Strength
Once again, Igor congratulated you for defeating the sinner of vanity.
Once again, you were summoned to the Velvet Room, where you were told about the importance of shared bonds of desire.
Once the video was over, his demeanor changed completely, and he demanded an unbelievable sum of money from the manager, Masa.
Once you have met the conditions for collecting or unlocking an item, it can be claimed or purchased here.
One 5\u2605 Thief
One last time...
One Lv. 20 Thief
One Lv. 30 Thief
One Lv. 40 Thief
One Lv. 50 Thief
One Lv. 60 Thief
One Lv. 70 Thief
One Lv. 80 Thief
One More Core?
One More Damage Taken
One More Rep!
One of the 72 demons of the Goetia. He led Sodom and Gomorrah to ruinand persecuted Jesus. He grants high social status to those who summon him.
One of the customer's remarks reminded Shiina about her past. Seeing her a bit down, I try mixing her a special drink, just like she taught me. Comforted by the drink, she opens up about what's on her mind\u2014she wishes she could have become a dancer. Shiina says she just wanted to be able to enjoy doing what she liked, but in reality, it's not that easy...
One of the four famous fish in Chinese history. Its delicious flavor is even celebrated in poetry.
One of the most common types of trout in Japan. It is often released into fishing ponds as a popular catch.
One of the most common varieties of fish in the world. In some countries, they are even becoming a nuisance due to overpopulation.
One of the Muses in Greek mythology, she is a nymph with dominion over astrology and astronomy. She carries a staff, compass, and armillary sphere. She is adept at predicting the future, and many people seek out her prophetic wisdom. Her name means "woman of the heavens".
One of the Muses who appears in Greek mythology. She is the nymph who governs epic poetry. She is a wise goddess and skilled orator, and carries a writing board and stylus. She has many other duties as well, including mediating disputes between other goddesses. Her name means "beautiful voice".
One of the Muses who appears in Greek mythology. She is the nymph who presides over comedy and idyllic poetry. She is the daughter of Zeus and Mnemosyne, the goddess of memory. She is often depicted holding a comedy mask. Her name means "flourishing".
One of the Muses who appears in Greek mythology. She is the nymph who presides over the art of dance, and is often depicted holding a lyre. Her name means "delight in dancing".
One of the Nereides, a sea goddess from Greek mythology. She is one of the daughters of Nereus and the Oceanid Doris, and from her father she inherited the reputation of being a truth-telling god. Her name can mean "truth" or "shining one".
One of the Thriae, a nymph who predicted the future by throwing pebbles. Her father was the river god Cephissus, and her two sisters were Melaina and Daphnis. They lived on Mount Parnassus, where the child she bore with Poseidon built a great city.
One of Tokyo's premiere shopping districts. Desire is never far from reach in this neighborhood brimming with people.
One shouldn't reveal their hand so soon
One Tough Pitching Machine
One year younger than you
One-Shot Kill
Online shopping is\nso convenient.
only 2 more episodes? i won't know what to do with myself
Only the Phantom Thieves can change the hearts of people with twisted desires, right? I'll do my best. I want to help the people who've been hurt like Tomoko was.
Onward and Upward
Oof... Today's delivery is heavier than a mule in the mud! Just how am I expected to drag around something like this all by myself? I betcha this would be a breeze if I had the wind at my back! Any of your friends know how to whip up a gust or two?
Ooh, a fortune\nteller in Shinjuku\nyou say?
Ooh, something's\ngoing down on\nDivine Justice.
Open 2 Treasure Chests
Open 3 treasure chests within the time limit, and receive 1 Charm for each chest.
Open 4 treasure chests
Open Address Book
Open all day
Open all day
Open Area Progress
Open Area Progress
Open Bag
Open Camera
Open Chat
Open Chest
Open Chests
Open City Life
Open City Life Menu
Open Contract Screen
Open Contracts
Open Current Map
Open Event
Open Goals.
Open Mail
Open Mailbox
Open Menu
Open Metaverse
Open Missions
Open Party
Open Personas
Open Phantom Pass
Open Phantom Thieves
Open Profile
Open Shop
Open Social Media
Open Synergy
Open Synergy Menu
Open the Metaverse Navigator
Open the Treasure
Open the treasure
Open Third Eye
Open Train Map
Open Trophies
Open your eyes.
Opening, Morning at Shibuya Station
Operating the Energy Collector
Operation No Casualties
Opposite Shore
Oppression
Oppression: Moon
Oppression: Sky
Oppression: Star
Oppression: Sun
Oracle explained that the snake, rooster and pig recognized three kinds of poison: Greed, Hatred, and Envy, respectively.
Oracle Progress Gauge
Oracle's mind returned to the parallel worlds situation.\nWas the meeting of the two groups of Thieves really a product of coincidence? Who could have intentionally set up such an encounter? It seems that they may need to shed light on the truth themselves.
Orange
Orange Athleisure Outfit
Orange Cotton Hat
Orange Designer Shoes
Orange Designer Sweater
Orange Nylon Gloves
Orange Striped Cargo Pants
Order Obtained
Ordinary office worker Shiro forms a contract with a demon to become an international pop sensation, and tours the globe on his moving stage! A heartwarming story that will make your soul dance!
Ore
Original Cocktail
Original Stage Open Slot
Orobas
Orthrus's Epidemic
Orthrus's Invasion
Osmanthus Bouquet
Osmanthus Tea
Other
Other
Other allies deal 80% less final damage.
Other Side Mission NPC Allowed-Talk during school commute
Ouch... It still hurts\nwhere he hit me...
Ouija Board
Our home garden. It's small but well maintained. I could grow and pick plants here.
Our modern literature homework
Our regulars...
Our relationship...? I am to devise a special contract for you to fulfill. Are you seeking a different kind of relationship?
Our trip will be over before we know it... We made a lot of great memories here.
Out of desperation, Makoto tracked down Kaneshiro in the real world and tried to confront him...
Outcome of Pride
Outfield Catch
Over time, Ashiya-senpai and I have become true friends. Finally, he has gathered his courage and asked me what he's wanted to say all along: "Want to come over to my house?"
Over towering mountains and across rushing waters, no obstacle can stand in your way.
Overall security level is 20% or lower
OVERCLOCK MATERIALS
Overcome tricky traps to obtain surprising rewards.
Overload
Overtime Order selects 1 additional ally.
Overwhelmed
Owl Classic Bag
Owl Feather Detection
Owl Shoulder Bag
Painting Effect
Painting Effect Active
Palace Entrance
Palace Exterior
Palace Gate
Palace Info
Palace Progress
Palace Suspect
Panacea Set
Panic
Panicking Panacea
Panther joined her allies and the search for the Core continued.\nTheir final missing teammate, Joker, is still missing. Just where could he be?
Paranormal VHS
Pardon me, darlin', got a sec? You see, every time Orobas comes 'round, he's flappin' his gums about elegance and grace. It's enough to make a lady's ears turn red! Someone needs to rein in that holier-than-thou attitude. Got any stylish friends who could humble him a bit?
Part-Time Debut
Part-Time Dreamer
Part-time Job Magazine
Part-Time Job Social Stats Bonus
Part-Time Pro
Part-Time Warrior
Part-Timers
Partial Download
Participate during the fixed time period in the new season of Nightmare's Gateway.
Participate in limited-time events to receive all kinds of items.
Participate in the new season of Nightmare's Gateway.
Party
Party Following
Party Harmony
Party HP Heal 10%
Party List
Party loses 10% HP, and receive 15 Railway Coins.
Party loses 20% HP, and receive 80 Railway Coins.
Party loses 30% HP.
Party loses 50% HP for a 70% chance to receive 1 Lost Item.
Party loses 50% HP, but gains 50 Railway Coins.
Party loses 60% HP for a 80% chance to receive 1 Lost Item.
Party Persona
Party recovers 20% HP.
Party recovers 30% HP.
Party recovers 50% HP.
Party Screen
Party Settings
Party SP Heal 10%
Party's damage is greatly increased, and damage taken is greatly decreased.
Party: Personas
Party: Phantom Thieves
Pass
Pass 1 or more Monitoring Points: Palace Star
Pass 3 or more Monitoring Points
Pass all Monitoring Points
Pass all monitoring points in Trial of the Astrolabe Phase 1.
Pass Ending Notice
Pass Level Rewards
Pass Monitoring Point: Life Star
Pass Purchase Rewards
Passionate Record
Passive
Past Wisdom
Path of Adyeshach
Path Of Adyeshach Area 1
Path Of Adyeshach Area 2
Path of Adyeshach Area 3
Path Of Adyeshach Area 4
Path Of Adyeshach Area 5
Path Of Adyeshach Area 6
Path Of Adyeshach Area 7
Path Of Adyeshach Area 8
Path of Aiyatsbus
Path of Aiyatsbus Area 1
Path of Aiyatsbus Area 2
Path of Aiyatsbus Area 3
Path of Aiyatsbus Area 3 (New)
Path of Aiyatsbus Area 4
Path of Aiyatsbus Area 5
Path of Aiyatsbus Area 6
Path of Aiyatsbus Area 7
Path of Aiyatsbus Area 8
Path of Aiyatsbus Area Change
Path of Aiyatsbus Area Change Boss Battle Scene
Path of Aiyatsbus Battle Scene
Path of Aiyatsbus Boss Battle Scene
Path of Aiyatsbus Depths
Path of Aiyatsbus Floor Change Boss Battle Scene
Path of Aiyatsbus Unknown Area
Path of Akzeriyyuth
Path Of Akzeriyyuth Area 1
Path Of Akzeriyyuth Area 2
Path of Akzeriyyuth Area 3
Path Of Akzeriyyuth Area 4
Path Of Akzeriyyuth Area 5
Path Of Akzeriyyuth Area 6
Path Of Akzeriyyuth Area 7
Path Of Akzeriyyuth Area 8
Path of Chemdah
Path of Chemdah Area 1
Path of Chemdah Area 2
Path of Chemdah Area 3
Path of Chemdah Area 4
Path of Chemdah Area 5
Path of Chemdah Area 6
Path of Chemdah Area 7
Path of Chemdah Area 8
Path of Chemdah Area Change
Path of Chemdah Area Change Boss Battle Scene
Path of Chemdah Battle Scene
Path of Chemdah Boss
Path of Chemdah Depths
Path of Chemdah Fare Machine
Path of Kaitul
Path Of Kaitul Area 1
Path Of Kaitul Area 2
Path of Kaitul Area 3
Path Of Kaitul Area 4
Path Of Kaitul Area 5
Path Of Kaitul Area 6
Path Of Kaitul Area 7
Path Of Kaitul Area 8
Path of Qimranut Area 1
Path of Qimranut Area 2
Path of Qimranut Area 3
Path of Qimranut Area 4
Path of Qimranut Area 5
Path of Qimranut Area 6
Path of Qimranut Area 7
Path of Qimranut Area 8
Path of Qimranut Area Change
Path of Qimranut Area Change Boss Battle Scene
Path of Qimranut Battle Scene
Path of Qimranut Boss Battle Scene
Path of Qimranut Depths
Path of Qimranut Fare Machine
Path of Qimranut Unknown Area
Path of Sheriruth
Path Of Sheriruth Area 1
Path Of Sheriruth Area 2
Path of Sheriruth Area 3
Path Of Sheriruth Area 4
Path Of Sheriruth Area 5
Path Of Sheriruth Area 6
Path Of Sheriruth Area 7
Path Of Sheriruth Area 8
Pause Story in Background
Pazuzu
Peace
Peace, Worry
Peace: Moon
Peace: Sky
Peace: Star
Peace: Sun
Pearl Earrings
Pearl-Spot Chromis Manual
Peerless Trickster
Pen Light
People watching
People's desires seem to be fading all at once... Something strange is happening to the world.
Perfect Armor
Perfect Serenity
Perform Persona skill training
Performance
Performance Evaluation selects 1 additional ally.
Permanently increases all allies' Attack when inflicted an elemental or spiritual ailment in battle. Can be stacked up to 5 times.
Permanently increases Fire damage after defeating a foe with Fire damage. Can carry over into next battle.
Perseverance
Person with Good Taste
Persona
Persona 5 Cover Art
Persona 5 Hero Image
Persona 5 Limited Edition Jacket
Persona 5\n Confession / Secret (Arranged version)
Persona 5\nAlright (Arranged version)
Persona 5\nBreak it Down (Arranged version)
Persona 5\nPlays at Leblanc, while walking to school, and other daily events.
Persona 5\nPlays at school during classes.
Persona 5\nPlays at Takemi Medical Clinic.
Persona 5\nPlays at the airsoft shop.
Persona 5\nPlays at the bar.
Persona 5\nPlays at the convenience store in Persona 5.
Persona 5\nPlays at the maid caf\xe9.
Persona 5\nPlays during a normal battle.
Persona 5\nPlays during an in-game cutscene.
Persona 5\nPlays during Confidant conversations in Persona 5.
Persona 5\nPlays during daily life.
Persona 5\nPlays during quiet scenes.
Persona 5\nPlays during scenes where the main characters are planning their strategy.
Persona 5\nPlays during scenes where the main characters are planning their strategy. Different song from Suspicion.
Persona 5\nPlays during school exams.
Persona 5\nPlays during suspenseful scenes.
Persona 5\nPlays during tense scenes.
Persona 5\nPlays during the casino scene at the start of the game.
Persona 5\nPlays during the school trip in Hawaii
Persona 5\nPlays during the school trip in Hawaii.
Persona 5\nPlays during threatening scenes, such as when the enemy is planning or the main characters are worried.
Persona 5\nPlays in battle against a powerful enemy.
Persona 5\nPlays in battle against the Palace ruler.
Persona 5\nPlays in Safe Rooms.
Persona 5\nPlays in the city at night.
Persona 5\nPlays in the city when things are relaxed.
Persona 5\nPlays in the city when things are tense.
Persona 5\nPlays in the city while it's raining.
Persona 5\nPlays in the Velvet Room.
Persona 5\nPlays on a rainy day at Leblanc, walking to school, or other daily events.
Persona 5\nPlays on the day of the heist in Persona 5.
Persona 5\nPlays when a member of the Phantom Thieves awakens to their Persona and charges into battle.
Persona 5\nPlays when entering a Palace for the first time.
Persona 5\nPlays when meeting someone suspicious.
Persona 5\nPlays when Mementos fuses with the real world.
Persona 5\nPlays when people speak about their struggles or their past.
Persona 5\nPlays when people speak about their struggles or their past. Different song from Confession / Secret.
Persona 5\nPlays when people speak about their struggles or their past. This one carries an especially sad tone.
Persona 5\nPlays when the main characters are analyzing and discussing information.
Persona 5\nPlays when the main characters awaken to their Personas.
Persona 5\nPlays when the Palace ruler has a change of heart.
Persona 5\nPlays when the Phantom Thieves are escaping.
Persona 5\nPlays when the Phantom Thieves are making a big decision.
Persona 5\nPlays when the Phantom Thieves meet a Palace ruler.
Persona 5\nPlays when the protagonistis working on his social stats.
Persona 5\nPlays when things are calm.
Persona 5\nPlays when you form a contract with a Confidant.
Persona 5\nPlays when you spend time with your soulmate.
Persona 5\nSixth Palace
Persona Awareness
Persona Compendium
Persona D\xe9cor
Persona Enhancement
PERSONA ENHANCEMENT MATERIALS
Persona EXP
Persona Fusion
Persona Rank Up
Persona Skills
Persona Slot 2
Persona Slot 3
Persona Training
Persona/Item
Persona5: The Phantom X Operations Team
Persona5: The Phantom X\nPlays after ambushing a wandering Shadow.
Persona5: The Phantom X\nPlays during band club and movies.
Persona5: The Phantom X\nPlays during certain battles and band club.
Persona5: The Phantom X\nPlays during the Velvet Trials.
Persona5: The Phantom X\nPlays in battle against a powerful enemy or when ambushed.
Persona5: The Phantom X\nPlays in Companio.
Persona5: The Phantom X\nPlays in Mementos.
Persona5: The Phantom X\nPlays in the first half of the Boss Battle in chapter 1.
Persona5: The Phantom X\nPlays in the first half of the Palace in chapter 1.
Persona5: The Phantom X\nPlays in the Phantom Thief system.
Persona5: The Phantom X\nPlays in the second half of the Boss Battle in chapter 1.
Persona5: The Phantom X\nPlays in the second half of the Palace in chapter 1.
Persona5: The Phantom X\nPlays in the second half of the Palace in chapter 2.
Persona5: The Phantom X\nPlays in Tomoko Noge's synergy stories.
Persona5: The Phantom X\nPlays on the Metaverse screen.
Persona5: The Phantom X\nPlays when characters awaken to their Personas.
Persona5: The Phantom X\nPlays when first entering the Palace in chapter 2.
Persona5: The Phantom X\nTheme and Opening Song
Persona5: The Phantom X\nThieves' Alliance
Persona5: The Phantom X\nTomoko Noge's trumpet solo.
Personal Stylist
Personas
Pet
Pet Bag
Pet Cemetery
Pet Storage
Phantom Idol
Phantom Idol Contract
Phantom Idol EXP Credit
Phantom Idols
Phantom Pass
Phantom Pass Benefits
Phantom Pass Daily Quest EXP Compensation
Phantom Pass Mission Rewards
Phantom Pass Phase 1 collection reward.
Phantom Pass Phase 2 Premium+ reward.
Phantom Pass Phase 3 Premium+ reward.
Phantom Pass Phase 4 Premium+ reward.
Phantom Pass Phase 5 Premium+ reward
Phantom Pass Phase 5 Premium+ reward.
Phantom Pass Phase 6 collection reward
Phantom Pass Phase 6 collection reward.
Phantom Pass Pt. 2 Premium+ reward
Phantom Pass Upgrade
Phantom Thief
Phantom Thief - Change Display
Phantom Thief - Persona Deploy Screen/Persona Info
Phantom Thief - Take Photo
Phantom Thief - Zoom
Phantom Thief Awareness
Phantom Thief Card - Fullscreen Card
Phantom Thief Hidden Ability
Phantom Thief Level Up
Phantom Thief Memories
Phantom Thief Persona Switching
Phantom Thief Revelations
Phantom Thief Roles
Phantom Thief Schema
Phantom Thief Screen
Phantom Thief Skills
Phantom Thief Training
Phantom Thief Training - Expand List
Phantom Thief Training - Level Up Controls
Phantom Thief Training - Overclock/Awareness Info
Phantom Thief Training - Quick Select
Phantom Thief Training - Select Status
Phantom Thief Weapon
Phantom Thief Weapons
Phantom Thief's Treasure Frame
Phantom Thieves
Phantom Thieves of Desire?
Phantom Thieves visited Yusuke's house to investigate. However, he denied everything about the plagiarism accusations against Madarame. Thinking the rumors perhaps referred to a different artist, the Phantom Thieves started to leave the house. However...
Phantom Thieves who share the same attribute can create a Flames of Desire effect, boosting stats for the whole party. You can combine this with Tomoko's attack-boosting skills to also greatly increase Ann and Kurotani's Attack and create a hard-hitting team.
Phantom Thieves who share the same Attribute can create a Flames of Desire effect, boosting the stats of the whole party. Kamiyama can boost his teammates' Attack and critical damage, making Makoto especially more effective.
Phantom Thieves who share the same attribute can create a Flames of Desire effect, boosting the stats of the whole party. Motoha is good at Shocking enemies with her Electric skills, and Yui deals extra damage to Shocked enemies. This combination will strengthen the party's attack capabilities.
Phantom Thieves who share the same attribute can create a Flames of Desire effect, boosting the status of the whole party. Kotone can use Ice attacks to freeze enemies, and Yusuke deals higher damage to Frozen enemies. They can combine to form an effective team.
Phantom Thieves who share the same Attribute can create a Flames of Desire effect, boosting the status of the whole party. Lufel can boost his allies' Fire damage. Kurotani can inflict debuffs on enemies and increase Fire damage. Ann has high attack capabilities. These characters can form a powerful team, and can become even stronger with Tomiyama's elemental ailment boosting capability.
Phantom Thieves who share the same Attribute can create a Flames of Desire effect, boosting the status of the whole party. Makoto can transform by collecting Toughness, greatly enhancing her strength in battle. She can gain more Toughness by attacking enemies with elemental ailments. Chizuko can reliably inflict elemental ailments on enemies, helping Queen gain Toughness more quickly and increasing the effectiveness of their Nuclear skills. Together they can form an effective team.
Phantom Thieves who share the same Attribute can create a Flames of Desire effect, boosting the status of the whole party. Shiratori deals more damage to Windswept enemies, so try pairing him with another character like Morgana who can inflict the Windswept status.
Phantom Thieves who share the same Attribute can create a Flames of Desire effect, boosting the status of the whole party. Yaoling can inflict debuffs on enemies, boosting Ren's Attack even further, making them an effective combo.
Phantom Thieves, Assemble!
Phase Interference
Phoebe
Phoebe 2\u2605 Weapon
Phoebe 3\u2605 Weapon
Phoebe 4\u2605 Weapon
Phoebe 5\u2605 Weapon
Phoenix
Phone Scammer
Photo booths are\nstill a thing!?
Photosensitivity Warning
Physical
Physical and Gun Attacks 101
Physical Damage Taken
Physical Mult. +
Physical/Nuclear/Electric/Wind attribute allies' final damage is increased by 30%. Allies with other attributes have their final damage decreased by 30%.
Pick Up
Pick up key
Pick up the scattered Gold Coins
Pick up the scattered rewards
Picture Only
Pierce Rate
Pierce Resistance
Piggy Bank
Pink
Pink & White Sneakers
Pink Athleisure Outfit
Pink Casual Shirt
Pink Cup
Pink Mokokuma Pajamas
Pink Shell Jacket
Pink Shell Outfit
Pink Striped Cargo Pants
Pink Summer Outfit
Pirate Captain
Pirate First Mate
Pirate Gunner
Pirate Sharpshooter
Pirate Shooting Game
Pirate Swashbuckler
Pirates of Curly-Hair Anne
Pitiful Class Hierarchy
Pivot Player
Place
Placeholder
Plain Palace
Plan
Planetarium
Planning for a Bargain
Planter Cover
Plants
Plastic ammo used for loading airsoft guns.
Platform Ruins
Platinum Gunner
Platinum Set
Platinum Set II
Platinum Set III
Platinum Ticket
Play Custom Parameter 1
Play Custom Parameter 10
Play Custom Parameter 2
Play Custom Parameter 3
Play Custom Parameter 4
Play Custom Parameter 5
Play Custom Parameter 6
Play Custom Parameter 7
Play Custom Parameter 8
Play Custom Parameter 9
Play games at home
Play Harvest World Online
Play Highlight Animations
Play shogi
Play Summer! Swimsuits! Sea Time!
Play Support Phantom Thieves Animations
Play tag within the time limit, and receive 1 Lost Item for each target you catch.
Play the Shooting Challenge in Summer! Swimsuits! Sea Time!
Play the Wish Line in Metro of Desire.
Play Tycoon 3 times
Play Tycoon.
Play Unconditional Love Phase 1 in Chapter 3 of the Main Story.
Play Unconditional Love Phase 2 in Chapter 3 of the Main Story.
Play Unconditional Love Phase 3 in Chapter 3 of the Main Story.
Playful
Playing an 8 will cause an 8 Stop, which forces the round to end. The player who played the 8 card will get to start the next round.
Playing Cards
Pleasant Surprise
Please be aware that I cannot provide any more information about my master than what you currently know.
Pleasure
Pleasure: Moon
Pleasure: Sky
Pleasure: Star
Pleasure: Sun
Plum ochazuke, melon shortcake
Point Rate
Points will be awarded based on the order in which players have played all their cards.\n#1: Tycoon (30 points), #2: Rich (20 points), #3: Poor (10 points), #4: Beggar (0 points).
Pollen Warning
Poor
Pops Yamagoshi and Masa told us about Ms. Katayama's past. It's like they're describing a completely different person...
Popular Board Game
Popular Designer Perfume
Popup - Cancel
Popup - Confirm
Pose
Post-Processing Effects
Postcard
PostProcessQuality
Potatoes, of course!
Power
Power Box
Power of Begging
Power of Love
Power of Puppy-Dog Eyes
Power Plant
Power Plant 1F
Power Plant 2F
Power Plant 3F
Power Plant Battle Scene
Power Plant Room
Power Stone
Power: Moon
Power: Sky
Power: Star
Power: Sun
Powerful Shadows are causing chaos at Shirosato Beach.\nWork together with Summer Closer to defeat the Shadows and earn special rewards.
Powerful Shadows are causing chaos at Shirosato Beach.\nWork together with Summer Moko to defeat the Shadows and earn special rewards.
Practicing every day is essential.\nJoin practice and improve your soccer skills.
Prayer Board
Prayer Mushrooms
Pre-registration reward.
Pre-Release Message Illustration
Precious Goods
Premiere CD
Premium Pass
Premium Phantom Pass
Premium+ Pass
Premium+ Pass
Premium+ Phantom Pass
Preserved Flower
Press and hold the character or the character's icon to view their detailed analysis.
Pretend not to see him
Prevailing Pride
Prime Barbel Steed
Prime Bonito
Prime Catfish
Prime Crucian Carp
Prime Dace
Prime Eel
Prime Flathead Mullet
Prime Freshwater Prawn
Prime Greasy Grouper
Prime Herring
Prime Jack Mackerel
Prime Koi
Prime Mackerel
Prime Malabar Grouper
Prime Masu Salmon
Prime Minnow
Prime Pearl-Spot Chromis
Prime Red Snapper
Prime Rockfish
Prime Salmon
Prime Sea Bass
Prime Sole
Prime Star Snapper
Prime Sturgeon
Prime Turbot
Prime White Crucian Carp
Prince of Part-Time
Prison Break
Privacy Policy
Private Chat
Prize Pool 1
Prize Pool 2
Prize Pool 3
Prize Pool 4
Prize Pool 5
Prize Pool 6
Pro Pond
Pro-Level Chef
Probably a sword?
Proceed
Proceed Even Deeper
Professional Negotiator
Professional Thief I
Professional Thief II
Professional Thief III
Professionals would bow down to your performance. You deftly made the song your own!
Progress Cap
Prologue
Prologue
Promising Bonds
Promote to Leader
Propeller
Prosymna
Protagonist cut-in that displays\nduring an All-Out Attack.
Protagonist cut-in that\ndisplays during battle.
Protagonist Persona/Phantom Thief Skills
Protagonist's Info/Phantom Thief Info
Protagonist's Schema/Phantom Thief Training
Protagonist's Skills
Protect Set
Protecting the Queen's Necklace is the key to victory.\nRestoring the Queen's Necklace's HP to the maximum will win the battle.
Protection Envelope
Protective Sports Gear
Protects allies and increases the party's defense.
Proud Outlaw
Prove your growing desire by conquering 1\u2605 Class 4 of the Trials from the Sea of Souls.
Prove your growing desire by conquering 2\u2605 Class 4 of the Trials from the Sea of Souls.
Prove your growing desire by conquering 3\u2605 Class 4 of the Trials from the Sea of Souls.
Prove your growing desire by conquering 4\u2605 Class 4 of the Trials from the Sea of Souls.
Prove your growing desire by conquering 6\u2605 Class 4 of the Trials from the Sea of Souls.
Prove your growing desire by conquering 7\u2605 Class 4 of the Trials from the Sea of Souls.
Prove your growing desire by conquering 8\u2605 Class 4 of the Trials from the Sea of Souls.
Providence Dice
Psy Mult. +
Psychokinesis
Psychokinesis Formation
Psychokinesis/Nuclear/Electric/Wind attribute allies' final damage is increased by 30%. Allies with other attributes have their final damage decreased by 30%.
Psychokinetic Damage Taken
PT Job AllowedTL-Talk at the school gate
PT Job at Bookstore/Drugstore Allowed-Talk during school commute
Pt. 2
Pull
Pull Ring
Puppets and Police
Purchase Lost Items or Charms from Marthym, or strengthen the Charms you already have.\nYou will need Railway Coins to buy or strengthen Charms.
Purchase Lost Items or Charms from Marthym.\nYou will need Railway Coins to buy them.
Purchase Pass
Purchased Pass Season End Notice
Purge Set
Purity Set
Purple
Purple & Green Layers
Purple Artsy Blouson
Purple Artsy Hat
Purple Artsy Outfit
Purple Artsy Pants
Purple Artsy Shoes
Purple Athleisure Outfit
Purple Cuffed Pants
Purple Cup
Purple Denim Pants
Purple Designer Shoes
Purple Holiday Outfit
Purple Leather Gloves
Purple Scene
Purple School Outfit
Purple Silk Hat
Purple Silk Jacket
Purple Silk Outfit
Purple Silk Slacks
Purple Slacks
Purple Sneakers
Pursuer of Ramen
Pursuing those who wreak havoc in this world
Pursuit of Honor
Pursuit of Honor I
Pursuit of Honor II
Pursuit of Honor III
Pursuit of Honor IV
Pursuit of Honor V
Pursuit of Honor VI
Pursuit of Honor VII
Pursuit of Honor VIII
Pursuit of Parts
Pursuit of Parts I
Pursuit of Parts II
Pursuit of Parts III
Pursuit of Parts IV
Pursuit of Parts V
Pursuit of Parts VI
Pursuit of Parts VII
Pursuit of Parts VIII
Pursuit of Persona
Pursuit of Persona I
Pursuit of Persona II
Pursuit of Persona III
Pursuit of Persona IV
Pursuit of Persona V
Pursuit of Persona VI
Pursuit of Persona VII
Pursuit of Persona VIII
Pursuit of Starshot I
Pursuit of Starshot II
Pursuit of Starshot III
Pursuit of Treasure
Pursuit of Treasure I
Pursuit of Treasure II
Pursuit of Treasure III
Pursuit of Treasure IV
Pursuit of Treasure V
Pursuit of Treasure VI
Pursuit of Treasure VII
Pursuit of Treasure VIII
Puzzle
Puzzle Corridor Back
Puzzle Corridor Front
Puzzle Rings
Puzzle Sheet
Puzzled
Puzzled by various aspects of life in Japan, Yaoling asked me to be her "sensei."
Pyramid
Pyramid Arc
Pyramid Interior Battle Scene
Pyramid Reunion
Pyramid: Chamber of Emptiness
Pyramid: Chamber of Guilt
Pyramid: Chamber of Rejection
Pyramid: Chamber of Sanctuary
Pyramid: Chamber of Sarcophagi
Pyramid: Entrance
Pyramid: Great Corridor
Pyramid: Summit
Pyramid: Underground Cavern
Pyramid: Underground Passage
Queen Takes the Stage
Quetzalcoatl
Quetzalcoatl's Rampage
Queue of 100 Demons
Quick Skip Mode
Quit
Rafflesia
Railroad Labyrinth
Railway Coin Box
Railway Coins
Rain
Rain
Raise Ann Takamaki to level 30.
Raise Ann Takamaki to level 50.
Raise Ayaka Sakai to level 30.
Raise Ayaka Sakai to level 50.
Raise Bui's Awareness Level to 6.
Raise Cherish's Awareness Level to 6.
Raise Chizuko Nagao to level 30.
Raise Chizuko Nagao to level 50.
Raise Chord's Awareness Level to 6.
Raise Fox's Awareness Level to 6.
Raise Futaba Sakura to level 30.
Raise Futaba Sakura to level 50.
Raise Goro Akechi to level 30.
Raise Goro Akechi to level 50.
Raise Haru Okumura to level 30.
Raise Haru Okumura to level 50.
Raise Haruna Nishimori to level 30.
Raise Haruna Nishimori to level 50.
Raise Joker's Awareness Level to 6.
Raise Kayo Tomiyama to level 30.
Raise Kayo Tomiyama to level 50.
Raise Kira Kitazato to level 30.
Raise Kira Kitazato to level 50.
Raise Kiyoshi Kurotani to level 30.
Raise Kiyoshi Kurotani to level 50.
Raise Kotone Montagne to level 30.
Raise Kotone Montagne to level 50.
Raise Kotone to level 30.
Raise Kotone to level 50.
Raise Leo Kamiyama to level 30.
Raise Leo Kamiyama to level 50.
Raise Lufel to level 30.
Raise Lufel to level 50.
Raise Makoto Niijima to level 30.
Raise Makoto Niijima to level 50.
Raise Marian's Awareness Level to 6.
Raise Masaki Ashiya to level 30.
Raise Masaki Ashiya to level 50.
Raise Messa's Awareness Level to 6.
Raise Minami Miyashita to level 30.
Raise Minami Miyashita to level 50.
Raise Miyu Sahara to level 30.
Raise Miyu Sahara to level 50.
Raise Mona's Awareness Level to 6.
Raise Mont's Awareness Level to 6.
Raise Morgana to level 30.
Raise Morgana to level 50.
Raise Motoha Arai to level 30.
Raise Motoha Arai to level 50.
Raise Noir's Awareness Level to 6.
Raise Oracle's Awareness Level to 6.
Raise Panther's Awareness Level to 6.
Raise Phoebe's Awareness Level to 6.
Raise Queen's Awareness Level to 6.
Raise Ren Amamiya to level 30.
Raise Ren Amamiya to level 50.
Raise Riddle's Awareness Level to 6.
Raise Riko Tanemura to level 30.
Raise Riko Tanemura to level 50.
Raise Rin's Awareness Level to 6.
Raise Ryuji Sakamoto to level 30.
Raise Ryuji Sakamoto to level 50.
Raise Seiji Shiratori to level 30.
Raise Seiji Shiratori to level 50.
Raise Shun Kano to level 30.
Raise Shun Kano to level 50.
Raise Skull's Awareness Level to 6.
Raise Summer Motoha Arai to level 30.
Raise Summer Motoha Arai to level 50.
Raise Summer Motoha Arai's Awareness Level to 6.
Raise Summer Tomoko Noge's Awareness Level to 6.
Raise Summer Tomoko to level 30.
Raise Summer Tomoko to level 50.
Raise Tomoko Noge to level 30.
Raise Tomoko Noge to level 50.
Raise Toshiya Sumi to level 30.
Raise Toshiya Sumi to level 50.
Raise Volume
Raise Yaoling Li to level 30.
Raise Yaoling Li to level 50.
Raise Yui to level 30.
Raise Yui to level 50.
Raise Yukimi Fujikawa to level 30.
Raise Yukimi Fujikawa to level 50.
Raise Yumi Shiina to level 30.
Raise Yumi Shiina to level 50.
Raise Yusuke Kitagawa to level 30.
Raise Yusuke Kitagawa to level 50.
Raja Naga
Raja Naga 1
Raja Naga 2
Raja Naga 3
Raja Naga 4
Raja Naga 5
Rakshasa's Farewell
Ram
Ramen
Ramen... Ramen...
Random buff on a random target. When foe's defense is decreased, random buffs are removed, and damage taken up.
Random Event
Random Event - Branch 1
Random Event - Branch 2
Random Event - Branch 3
Random Event - Branch 4
Randomly change 1 of your Charms into another Charm.
Randomly selects a Charm that can be strengthened. The charm will be spent even if the strengthening fails.
Rank Down if #1000 or lower
Rank down if in bottom 50% or lower
Rank within the top 21-50% in the new season of Nightmare's Gateway.
Rank within the top 5% in the new season of Nightmare's Gateway.
Rank within the top 6-20% in the new season of Nightmare's Gateway.
Ranked Match
Ranking: #1-#10
Ranking: #101-#200
Ranking: #11-#50
Ranking: #200 or lower
Ranking: #200 or lower
Ranking: #51-#100
Rare Capsule
Rare Chest
Rare Item Discovery
Rare Persona
Rarity
Raucous Teammates
Reach level %s
Reach level 10 in band club.
Reach level 10 with the soccer team.
Reach level 6 in band club.
Reach level 6 with the soccer team.
Reach level 9 in band club.
Reach Synergy Rank %s with the accomplice
Reach Synergy Rank 1 with Merope.
Reach Synergy Rank 10 with Kurotani.
Reach Synergy Rank 10 with Merope.
Reach Synergy Rank 10 with Motoha.
Reach Synergy Rank 10 with Riko.
Reach Synergy Rank 10 with Shun.
Reach Synergy Rank 10 with Sumi.
Reach Synergy Rank 10 with Tomiyama.
Reach Synergy Rank 10 with Tomoko.
Reach Synergy Rank 10 with Yaoling.
Reach Synergy Rank 15 and become close friends with Ashiya.
Reach Synergy Rank 15 and become close friends with Ayaka.
Reach Synergy Rank 15 and become close friends with Kitazato.
Reach Synergy Rank 15 and become close friends with Kotone.
Reach Synergy Rank 15 and become close friends with Kurotani.
Reach Synergy Rank 15 and become close friends with Miyu.
Reach Synergy Rank 15 and become close friends with Motoha.
Reach Synergy Rank 15 and become close friends with Shun.
Reach Synergy Rank 15 and become close friends with Tomiyama.
Reach Synergy Rank 15 and become close friends with Tomoko.
Reach Synergy Rank 15 and become close friends with Yaoling.
Reach Synergy Rank 15 and become close friends with Yui.
Reach Synergy Rank 15 and become close friends with Yumi.
Reach Synergy Rank 15 and become soulmates with Ayaka.
Reach Synergy Rank 15 and become soulmates with Kotone.
Reach Synergy Rank 15 and become soulmates with Miyu.
Reach Synergy Rank 15 and become soulmates with Motoha.
Reach Synergy Rank 15 and become soulmates with Tomoko.
Reach Synergy Rank 15 and become soulmates with Yaoling.
Reach Synergy Rank 15 and become soulmates with Yumi.
Reach Synergy Rank 17 with Ashiya.
Reach Synergy Rank 17 with Ayaka.
Reach Synergy Rank 17 with Kitazato.
Reach Synergy Rank 17 with Kotone.
Reach Synergy Rank 17 with Kurotani.
Reach Synergy Rank 17 with Lufel.
Reach Synergy Rank 17 with Merope and make her your exclusive concierge.
Reach Synergy Rank 17 with Merope.
Reach Synergy Rank 17 with Miyu.
Reach Synergy Rank 17 with Motoha.
Reach Synergy Rank 17 with Shun.
Reach Synergy Rank 17 with Tomiyama.
Reach Synergy Rank 17 with Tomoko.
Reach Synergy Rank 17 with Yaoling.
Reach Synergy Rank 17 with Yui.
Reach Synergy Rank 17 with Yumi.
Reach Synergy Rank 20 and become close friends with Ashiya.
Reach Synergy Rank 20 and become close friends with Ayaka.
Reach Synergy Rank 20 and become close friends with Kitazato.
Reach Synergy Rank 20 and become close friends with Kotone.
Reach Synergy Rank 20 and become close friends with Kurotani.
Reach Synergy Rank 20 and become close friends with Miyu.
Reach Synergy Rank 20 and become close friends with Motoha.
Reach Synergy Rank 20 and become close friends with Riko.
Reach Synergy Rank 20 and become close friends with Shun.
Reach Synergy Rank 20 and become close friends with Sumi.
Reach Synergy Rank 20 and become close friends with Tomiyama.
Reach Synergy Rank 20 and become close friends with Tomoko.
Reach Synergy Rank 20 and become close friends with Yaoling.
Reach Synergy Rank 20 and become close friends with Yui.
Reach Synergy Rank 20 and become close friends with Yumi.
Reach Synergy Rank 20 and become soulmates with Ayaka.
Reach Synergy Rank 20 and become soulmates with Kotone.
Reach Synergy Rank 20 and become soulmates with Miyu.
Reach Synergy Rank 20 and become soulmates with Motoha.
Reach Synergy Rank 20 and become soulmates with Riko.
Reach Synergy Rank 20 and become soulmates with Tomoko.
Reach Synergy Rank 20 and become soulmates with Yaoling.
Reach Synergy Rank 20 and become soulmates with Yumi.
Reach Synergy Rank 20 with Merope and make her your exclusive concierge.
Reach Synergy Rank 5 with Lufel.
Reach target destination
Reach the goal within 10 turns
Reach the goal within 11 turns
Reach the goal within 12 turns
Reach the goal within 13 turns
Reach the goal within 14 turns
Reach the goal within 15 turns
Reach the goal within 16 turns
Reach the goal within 17 turns
Reach the goal within 18 turns
Reach the goal within 19 turns
Reach the goal within 20 turns
Reach the goal within 21 turns
Reach the goal within 22 turns
Reach the goal within 23 turns
Reach the goal within 24 turns
Reach the goal within 25 turns
Reach the goal within 26 turns
Reach the goal within 27 turns
Reach the goal within 28 turns
Reach the goal within 29 turns
Reach the goal within 30 turns
Reach the goal within 31 turns
Reach the goal within 32 turns
Reach the goal within 33 turns
Reach the goal within 34 turns
Reach the goal within 35 turns
Reach the goal within 36 turns
Reach the goal within 37 turns
Reach the goal within 38 turns
Reach the goal within 39 turns
Reach the goal within 40 turns
Reach the objective in Phase 4 of Nightmare's Gateway
Read at home
Read at the library
Read on the train
Read Scroll Tips (Multiple Areas)
Ready, Aim, Fire!
Real and Fake
Real Money Trading
Realized something\nsuper important
Really? Seriously?
Realm of Repression
Realm of Repression Battle Scene
Realm of Repression Puzzle Battle Scene
Realm of Repression: Persona
Realm of Repression: Revelation Set
Realm of Repression:\nAlluring Aroma
Realm of Repression:\nAngel
Realm of Repression:\nAnzu
Realm of Repression:\nAra Mitama
Realm of Repression:\nBarong
Realm of Repression:\nBicorn
Realm of Repression:\nBlack Ooze
Realm of Repression:\nBlack Rider
Realm of Repression:\nBugs
Realm of Repression:\nCerberus
Realm of Repression:\nClotho
Realm of Repression:\nDakini
Realm of Repression:\nDionysus
Realm of Repression:\nEnlightenment
Realm of Repression:\nFuu-Ki
Realm of Repression:\nGear Forging
Realm of Repression:\nGirimehkala
Realm of Repression:\nHecatoncheires
Realm of Repression:\nHua Po
Realm of Repression:\nJack-o'-Lantern
Realm of Repression:\nJatayu
Realm of Repression:\nKaiwan
Realm of Repression:\nKin-Ki
Realm of Repression:\nKodama
Realm of Repression:\nKumbhanda
Realm of Repression:\nKushinada
Realm of Repression:\nMatador
Realm of Repression:\nMithras
Realm of Repression:\nMothman
Realm of Repression:\nNebiros
Realm of Repression:\nObariyon
Realm of Repression:\nOberon
Realm of Repression:\nOrobas
Realm of Repression:\nPazuzu
Realm of Repression:\nPhoenix
Realm of Repression:\nPursuit of Honor
Realm of Repression:\nPursuit of Parts
Realm of Repression:\nPursuit of Persona
Realm of Repression:\nPursuit of Treasure
Realm of Repression:\nQuetzalcoatl
Realm of Repression:\nRaja Naga
Realm of Repression:\nRelativity's Labyrinth
Realm of Repression:\nSuccubus
Realm of Repression:\nSurt
Realm of Repression:\nSuzaku
Realm of Repression:\nThoth
Realm of Repression:\nWords of Bonds
Realm of Repression:\nWords of Feuds
Realm of Repression:\nWords of Life
Realm of Repression:\nWords of Nature
Realm of Repression:\nWords of Ruling
Realm of Repression:\nWords of Serenity
Realm of Repression:\nZouchouten
Reappearing Shadow
Rebellious Phantom Thief
Rebels
Receive 1-2 Blue Charms.
Receive 1-2 Charms.
Receive 100 Railway Coins, and leave.
Receive 100% more Railway Coins after winning a battle. Effect lasts for 5 platforms.
Receive 1000 Railway Coins. All allies' max HP increases by 100% and damage taken decreases by 50%.
Receive 150 Railway Coins, and leave.
Receive 20 Railway Coins, and leave.
Receive 20 Railway Coins.
Receive 200 Railway Coins, and leave.
Receive 30 Railway Coins.
Receive 30% of your current Railway Coins.
Receive 40 Railway Coins.
Receive 50 Railway Coins.
Receive 60 Railway Coins.
Receive Chat Updates
Receive from official events
Receive from official events.
Receive more Railway Coins after winning a battle.
Receive nothing.
Receive the Green Casual Outfit
Received the Casual Outfit
Received the School Outfit
Receiving God's gracious blessings, happiness and joy create a garden of beautifully blooming flowers.
Recipes
Recollections
Recollections TL Exclusive Scene
Reconciliation
Reconciliation: Moon
Reconciliation: Sky
Reconciliation: Star
Reconciliation: Sun
Reconnecting two nodes will change how the workers think.
Recover HP when attacking a target with Recovery Block.
Recovered from Hellscorched...
Recruit a Friend
Red
Red Artsy Blouson
Red Artsy Hat
Red Artsy Outfit
Red Artsy Pants
Red Artsy Shoes
Red Capsule
Red Leather Shoulder Bag
Red Sanke Koi
Red Scene
Red Snapper Manual
Red Star Background
Red Sunglasses
Reduce Jikokuten's Down Points to 0 or defeat all enemies.
Reduce Jikokuten's Down Points to 0 or defeat all enemies.
Reel In
Refilling Water
Refined Palace
Reflections
Reflective Blouson
Refreshing Requests
Refreshing Shaved Ice!
Refund Confirmation Notice
Regarding producers
Regarding the fan\nappreciation event
Regular Blessing
Relativity's Labyrinth
Relaxing Tea Room
Release Celebration Illustration
Relieved
Reload!
Remember I told you\nabout that baseball pro?
Reminder to Study/ReadTL-Talk at the school gate
Remnants of Desire
Ren
Ren Amamiya's Skills
Ren cut-in that displays\nduring an All-Out Attack.
Ren cut-in that\ndisplays during battle.
Ren is able to get Extra Actions, allowing him to perform multiple actions and make it easier for Riko to activate her skills. Additionally, Riko's ability to lower enemy defense helps Ren deal more damage, making them an effective team.
Ren Transformation Tile
Ren's primary strategy relies on gaining Extra Actions and performing more actions, but with the more attacks he uses, the more SP he spends. Morgana has the ability to reduce SP costs for allies, so by having them in the same party, you can reduce the burden on Ren.
Render Quality
Render Scale
RenderScale
Repair
Repair the damaged cube
Repaired in the blink of an eye...
Repel Damage
Repel Rate +1%
Report Received Notice
Request Level
Requests
Required files for Chinese voices.
Required files for Japanese voices.
Required Resource 1
Required Resource 2
Required Resource 3
Requires four Level 80 Phantom Thieves
Research, otaku dancing
Reservoir Room
Resident doctor
Resist Up
Resistance: Will not incur much damage.\nNull: Will not incur damage.\nRepel: Repels damage.\nAbsorb: Absorbs damage.
Resolution
Resolve
Resound Set
respect
Rest
Rest Area
Rest is an essential part of training, so Motoha and I enjoyed eating to our hearts' content at the diner.
Rest is important.
Restore party's HP by 1.6% at the start of each turn.
Restore party's HP by 2% at the start of each turn.
Restore party's HP by 2.4% at the start of each turn.
Restore party's HP by 3% at the start of each turn.
Restore party's HP by 3.2% at the start of each turn.
Restore party's HP by 4% at the start of each turn.
Restore party's HP/SP by 1.6% the start of each turn.
Restore party's HP/SP by 2% at the start of each turn.
Restore party's HP/SP by 2.4% at the start of each turn.
Restore party's HP/SP by 3% at the start of each turn.
Restore party's HP/SP by 3.2% at the start of each turn.
Restore party's HP/SP by 4% at the start of each turn.
Restore party's SP by 1.6% at the start of each turn.
Restore party's SP by 2% at the start of each turn.
Restore party's SP by 2.4% at the start of each turn.
Restore party's SP by 3% at the start of each turn.
Restore party's SP by 3.2% the start of each turn.
Restore party's SP by 4% at the start of each turn.
Restores 1 stamina after the first login of each day.
Restores 1 stamina each day.
Restores 14.4% of max HP to party.
Restores 16% of max HP to party.
Restores 19.2% of max HP to party.
Restores 20% of max HP to party.
Restores 23% of max HP to party.
Restores 24% of max HP to party.
Restores 30% of max HP to party.
Restores 32% of max HP to party.
Restores 40% of max HP to party.
Restores 9.6% of max HP to party.
Retro
Retro Ramune Set
Return Conditions
Return Survey
Return To City From Metaverse
Return to City Life Main Screen
Return to City Life Main Screen
Return to Generator Room
Reunion
Reunion of Noise and Laughter
Revelation
Revelation Card Customization
Revelation Card Forging
Revelation Cards
Revelation Cards can be found in the Metaverse.
Revelation Dungeon 1
Revelation Dungeon 2
Revelation Dungeon 3
Revelation Dungeon 4
Revelations
Revelatory Record
Reverses how your camera rotates vertically and horizontally.
Revitalized Desire
Revived!
Reward for participating in beta testing.
REWARDS
Rhythm Game
Rhythm Game Adjustment Button
Rhythm Leader
Rhythm Section
Rich
Riddle
Ride
Riko
Riko Awakening Battle
Riko comes to the Palace with us, and Lufel recognizes her potential as a Phantom Thief.
Riko confesses her dream of becoming a teacher to her father. To her surprise, rather than firmly oppose her desire, he hands her a memory stick that belonged to her mother.
Riko proposed a strategy that would not require anyone to be sacrificed, but there seemed to be a flaw in the plan...
Riko realizes that there was never any pressure for her to meet others' expectations. Rather than rush her decision to become a teacher or the successor of Umetane, she chooses to take her time and walk her own path.
Riko said she could help lay a trap for Akashi, but just needs a little time to get things ready.
Riko seemed to be constantly busy during the ride, but you also got the feeling that she has a good relationship with Motoha.
Riko speaks of a past incident related to the conversation she overheard at Chinatown, revealing why she felt her only purpose was to meet the expectations of those around her.
Riko specializes in enhancing the party's 1 More and All-Out Attacks. In addition, she can lower the Defense of enemies when they are knocked down, allowing for even more powerful 1 More and All-Out Attacks.
Riko Tanemura
Riko Tanemura: Parlor
Riko tells us about Ms. Katayama's strange behavior, and it seems that Akashi is somehow behind it all. We're going to work together to get to the bottom of this.
Riko tracks down where the former secretary currently works, and goes to meet her. It's a hospital with ties to Umetane. There, Riko meets the director of the hospital, who she knew when she was younger.
Riko was able to open up about her true feelings to Ms. Katayama, which seemed to spur her on...
Riko's Parlor
Riko's plan went perfectly, and you were able to get the password from Akashi's PC with no problems.
Riko-senpai contacted me
Riko-senpai faces her true self, and the winds of fate begin to blow...
Riko-senpai formally introduced everyone to Kei Akashi, the new teacher. He gave a good first impression, but Ms. Katayama seems to hold a different opinion of him...
Rin
Rina Sato
Ring Area
Ring Mechanism
Ring Mechanisms
Ring Sequence
RIP human.
Rise on the wings of intuition and imagination. The noble steed raises its head, galloping toward dreams and the future, a path enveloped in light and hope.
Rising From Ruin
Risk of Heatstroke
Risky Business
Ritual Set
Robin Hood
Robot Actions
Robot Vacuum
Robotic Challenge Event Explanation
Robots
Robroy
Rocker Outfit
Rockfish Manual
Rooftop
Room 2-C
Rose Bath Set
Rotate
Route Goals/Special Ops
RPG Mode Camera Sensitivity
RPG Mode Camera Zoom Sensitivity
Ru Thing
Ruby Red Cascade
Ruby Red Crackle
Ruby Red Heart
Ruby Red Kaleidoscope
Ruby Red Palm
Ruby Red Spiral
Ruby Red Star
Ruby Red Willow
Run
Run Through!
Runa
Runa Dogenzaka
Runaway Dreams
Rusty Drums
Ryu-oh's Job
Ryuji Awakening Set
Ryuji cut-in that displays\nduring an All-Out Attack.
Ryuji cut-in that\ndisplays during battle.
Ryuji spies a flyer for a maid housekeeping service in the mail. As he shows it to the protagonist, he suggests that they call a maid.
Ryuji Transformation Tile
Saboteur
Sad
Sad
Sadayo Kawakami
sadface
sadge
Safe Platform
Safe Room
Safe Rooms
Sakai chooses to debut her new song in Shibuya, the place that marks her starting point and was where we first met. I accompany her with my specialty, the bass. This is a performance for her and me, and will be a lasting memory for the both of us.
Sakai seems to be down. Wondering if something happened, I ask her what's wrong, and with a sad look in her eyes, she proceeds to explain. She says the friend from high school who invited her to join the band told her, "You were definitely meant to be a musician, Ayaka. More than I ever was." Hearing that her friend has completely given up on the path of music has left Sakai feeling confused...
Sakai's singing voice is very pleasant, with a pure tone that moves those who listen to it. She plays a song she made with her band in high school, which remains a cherished memory for her. I think about what I can do to help her find the courage to sing in public... and come up with a few ideas.
Saki Mitama's Epidemic
Saki Mitama's Farewell
Sale
Sales
Sales Girl
Salmon Manual
Salmon Sashimi
Salutations
Salutations.
same here
same producers next time too pls
same!
Sandcastles?
Sato-senpai is\ndefinitely our\nMVP, but...
Satomi Akesaka
Satomi Sato
Saturday
Save Shadow Katayama
Savior
Savior on Stage
Say "I Love You"
Scale Master
Scale Scoundrel
Scamming
Scent of an Alien
Schema
Schema skills have a variety of passive effects that can turn the tide of battle in your favor.
Scholarly
School
School Day
School Gate (Soccer Schedule Only)
School Life
School Outfit
School Route
School Socks
Schr\xf6dinger's Box
Science
Science, Virtue
Science: Moon
Science: Sky
Science: Star
Science: Sun
Scientifically proven to contain more nutrients in its body, this sole is a delicacy in dietary therapy.
Scorching Desert Road
Score 1000 or more
Score 1200 or more
Score 1300 or more
Score 132000 points.
Score 143000 points.
Score 149000 points.
Score 1500 or more
Score 156000 points.
Score 164000 points.
Score 175000 points.
Score 182000 points.
Score 193000 points.
Score 199000 points.
Score 2 goals by shooting at weaknesses
Score 265000 points.
Score 3 goals
Score 300 or more
Score 385000 points.
Score 400 or more
Score 500 or more
Score 600 or more
Score 61000 points.
Score 700 or more
Score 800 or more
Score 900 or more
Score all 5 goals
Score Ranking
Screen Resolution
Scrimmager
Sea Bass Manual
Sea of Souls Boss Scene
Seafood Salad
Search Objects
Search the Chamber of Rejection
Seared Beef
Seaside Park
Secluded
Second Bailey
Second Bailey Battle Scene
Secondhand Shop
Secret
Secret Passage
Security Level
Security Level Up/Down
See a movie in Shibuya
See a movie in Shinjuku
See a movie in Yongen-Jaya
See the ad for those\nnew films?
See the news today?
See the orange tabby
see you next season!
Seeing as we are fellow chosen ones, feel free to consult with me about anything, okay?
Seeing Kiuchi's arrest on the news, we became all the more determined to carry on with our Phantom Thief activities.
Seeing the familiar place reminded Skull and the others of the time they first met Queen.
Seems like everyone\ngoes on Divine\nJustice lately.
seems like it!
Seems like the caf\xe9 in Kichijoji just introduced a new menu item...
Seems like there's a mysterious fortune-teller in Shinjuku. I could see what's in the cards today...
Seems like there's some open shifts at the fried food store in Kichijoji today...
Seems you and Leo-chan\nare getting along
Select & Confirm Goals
Select All Pets - Bag
Select Battle Effects
Select Cancel to stop hiding behind cover.
Select Skill/Item
Selects a display to use when multiple displays are available.
Selects effect quality. Depending on your system, increasing the quality may cause your frame rate to be lower than expected.
Selects graphic quality for distant objects. Depending on your system, increasing the quality may cause your frame rate to be lower than expected.
Selects texture quality. Depending on your system, increasing the quality may cause your frame rate to be lower than expected.
Selects the game's frame rate (FPS). The game will appear smoother at a higher FPS. Depending on your system and other settings, your frame rate may be lower than expected.
Selects the language for voiced lines.
Selects the overall render quality. Depending on your system, increasing the quality may cause your frame rate to be lower than expected.
Selects the quality of visual effects and overall graphics. Depending on your system, increasing the quality may cause your frame rate to be lower than expected.
Selects the shadow quality. Depending on your system, increasing the quality may cause your frame rate to be lower than expected.
Self-Destruct Bot
Self-introduction
Selfie
Selfless
Sell what you have and get out.
Semi-Anniversary
Sennight Inferno
Sensei, you've not only been my guide around Tokyo, but you've also helped me understand what studying abroad is all about... You're not just my Tokyo tour guide, you're like an "entire life" guide!
Sensoji Temple
seriously! cant even keep up with this
Serizawa asked for innovation, but the ramenburger doesn't fit the bill.
Serving shaved ice and improving your Reputation will result in higher sales.\nThe goal of the shaved ice shop is to have the highest sales possible to bring in profit.
Set
Set at 100% by default. (Highlight Gauge Recovery = Highlight Gauge Base Recovery Rate x Highlight Gauge Recovery Rate)
Set Contents\nBe sure to check the details for rewards from Marthym's Rewards Card on the set details screen.\n\nItem Distribution Time\n Cognition Crystal x300: Can be claimed immediately after your purchase is complete.\n Meta Jewel x100 and Coffee Candy x1: Can be claimed after logging in each day, for 30 days. \n The number of logins is updated each day at 8 PM UTC. If you're unable to claim these rewards, they can be claimed by logging in again. \n Rewards from days you did not log in (within 30 days from purchase) will be sent to your in-game mailbox the next day. Rewards sent to your in-game mailbox will be available for 30 days from when they were sent.\n\nImportant Notes\n If Marthym's Rewards Card will only be valid for a period less than 30 days, you can make an additional purchase that extends the validity by 30 days after purchase is complete.\n Note that Marthym's Rewards Card can only be valid for up to 60 days, and this additional purchase can't be made until less than 30 days remain in the validity period.\n In the event that you change devices or transfer your data to a different operating system, your Marthym's Rewards Card purchase information will carry over, and you can continue receiving rewards.
Set Contents\nBe sure to check the details for the three-day Newcomer Pass on the set details screen.\n\nItem Distribution Time\n 4\u2605 Phantom Idol Miyu Sahara x1 and Gold Ticket x5: Can be claimed immediately after purchase is complete.\n Submarine Sonar x1 (Miyu-only weapon): Received after purchase by claiming the day 2 login reward from the Shop.\n Pink Mokukuma Pj's x1 (protagonist-only outfit): Received after purchase by claiming the day 3 login reward from the Shop.\n The number of login days is updated every day at 8 PM UTC. Items can be claimed from the Shop once you log in after this update.\n\nImportant Notes\n In the event that you change devices or transfer your data to a different operating system, your Newcomer Pass purchase information will carry over, and you will continue to receive rewards.
Set Contents\nBe sure to check the rewards for the seven-day Chapter 1 Clear Pass from the set details screen.\n\nItem Distribution Time\n Cognition Crystal x240: Can be claimed immediately after purchase is complete. \n Coffee Aid x1: Received after purchase by claiming the day 2 login reward from the Shop.\n MaraThon Energy x1: Received after purchase by claiming the day 3 login reward from the Shop.\n Meta Jewel x150: Received after purchase by claiming the day 4 login reward from the Shop.\n Coffee Aid x1: Received after purchase by claiming the day 5 login reward from the Shop.\n MaraThon Energy x1: Received after purchase by claiming the day 6 login reward from the Shop.\n Meta Jewel x150: Received after purchase by claiming the day 7 login reward from the Shop.\n\n The number of login days for claiming items is updated each day at 8 PM UTC.\n\nImportant Notes\n In the event that you change devices or transfer your data to a different operating system, your Chapter 1 Clear Pass purchase information will carry over, and you will continue to receive rewards.
Set Contents\nBe sure to check the rewards for the seven-day Chapter 2 Clear Pass from the set details screen.\n\nItem Distribution Time\n Cognition Crystal x240: Can be claimed immediately after purchase is complete. \n Coffee Aid x1: Received after purchase by claiming the day 2 login reward from the Shop.\n MaraThon Energy x1: Received after purchase by claiming the day 3 login reward from the Shop.\n Meta Jewel x150: Received after purchase by claiming the day 4 login reward from the Shop.\n Coffee Aid x1: Received after purchase by claiming the day 5 login reward from the Shop.\n MaraThon Energy x1: Received after purchase by claiming the day 6 login reward from the Shop.\n Meta Jewel x150: Received after purchase by claiming the day 7 login reward from the Shop.\n\n The number of login days is updated each day at 8 PM UTC.\n\nImportant Notes\n In the event that you change devices or transfer your data to a different operating system, your Chapter 2 Clear Pass purchase information will carry over, and you will continue to receive rewards.
Set Contents\nBe sure to check the rewards for the three-day Welcome Pass from the set details screen.\n\nItem Distribution Time\n 5\u2605 Welcome Idol Chance x1: Can be claimed immediately after purchase is complete.\n Gold Ticket x10: Received after purchase by claiming the day 2 login reward from the Shop.\n 4\u2605 Welcome Arms Case x1: Received after purchase by claiming the day 3 login reward.\n The number of login days is updated every day at 8 PM UTC. Items can be claimed from the Shop once you log in after this update.\n\nImportant Notes\n In the event that you change devices or transfer your data to a different operating system, your Welcome Pass purchase information will carry over, and you will continue to receive rewards.
Set in a dystopic future where humans are trapped in virtual reality and must compete to win their key to the outside world. Can one whiz-kid armed with encyclopedic game knowledge outwit the army of nefarious cheaters, and earn his ticket to freedom?
Setanta Stands in the Way
Setanta Stands in the Way 2
Sets
Sets the camera and angle to automatically adjust to keep your character in clear view.
Settings
Seven Days of Secret Gifts
Several Treasure Chests are here, but you can choose only one to open.
Severe damage to all targets. Charge 5 s.
Shade and Sun
ShaderQuality
Shadow Battle
Shadow Hunting Grounds
Shadow Kaneshiro offered a disgusting "payment plan" to clear their debt to him. Hearing this sent Makoto into a rage and awakened her Persona.
Shadow Madarame admitted to Yusuke that the only reason he took him in was to exploit his talent and reap the benefits for himself. In the midst of his anger and grief from learning the truth, Yusuke awakened his Persona...!
Shadow Miyazawa Appears, -1, Mandrin Awakens
Shadow of Lust
Shadow of Vanity
Shadow Quality
ShadowQuality
Shadows gain the following abilities: After taking damage, all other Shadows take decreased damage. Stacks up to 5 times.\nWhen defeated, the decreased damage effect on all other Shadows is removed.
Shadows gain the following abilities: At the start of the turn, gain a barrier that can nullify damage once.
Shadows of Lust and Vanity Rank Rewards
Shake
Shaolin Slackers
Share - Select File
Share some special time with Kotone
Share some special time with Riko
Sharing Secrets
Sharpshooter's Secrets
Shattered Dreams
Shattered Protection
Shaved Ice Shuffle
Shaved Ice Shuffle 1
Shaved Ice Shuffle 10
Shaved Ice Shuffle 11
Shaved Ice Shuffle 12
Shaved Ice Shuffle 13
Shaved Ice Shuffle 14
Shaved Ice Shuffle 15
Shaved Ice Shuffle 16
Shaved Ice Shuffle 17
Shaved Ice Shuffle 2
Shaved Ice Shuffle 3
Shaved Ice Shuffle 4
Shaved Ice Shuffle 5
Shaved Ice Shuffle 6
Shaved Ice Shuffle 7
Shaved Ice Shuffle 8
Shaved Ice Shuffle 9
She escapes from her prison, her pure white skirt fluttering. Each graceful step brings her toward freedom.
She's probably waiting for you, too.
Shed the old shell of desire and reach out with both hands toward love and new life. Then you can spread your wings toward dreams of tomorrow.
Shhh, someone will\nhear you!
Shibuya
Shibuya Arcade
Shibuya Beef Bowl Job Bonus
Shibuya Capsule Machine
Shibuya Convenience Store Job Bonus
Shibuya Cr\xeape Shop Job Bonus
Shibuya Drugstore Job Bonus
Shibuya Florist Job Bonus
Shibuya Movie Theater
Shibuya Movie Theater Passageway
Shibuya Station
Shibuya Station Front
Shibuya Style
Shichi-kun Doll
Shichi-kun is always in a good mood, but sometimes he gets a bit carried away.\nObtainable from a Shibuya-exclusive capsule machine.
Shichi-kun loves Boom Bang Burger.\nObtainable from a Shibuya-exclusive capsule machine.
Shichi-kun loves to go out with everyone.\nObtainable from a Shibuya-exclusive capsule machine.
Shichi-kun works hard every day to promote his beloved Shibuya to everyone. If you want to enjoy Shibuya to the fullest, go on a walk with Shichi-kun.
Shichi-kun's working\nlate every day...
Shield
Shield Effect Up
Shield Received
Shieldbreak-N1
Shift Limits
Shigenori Soejima Drawing Art
Shiisaa's Epidemic
Shiki-Ouji 1
Shiki-Ouji 2
Shiki-Ouji 3
Shiki-Ouji 4
Shiki-Ouji 5
Shimo-Kitazawa
Shimo-Kitazawa
Shin Gorilla
Shin-Koiwa Edogawa Skating Rink
Shinagawa
Shining Set
Shinjuku
Shinjuku Bookstore
Shinjuku Bookstore Job Bonus
Shinjuku Capsule Machine
Shinjuku Movie Theater
Shinjuku Movie Theater Passageway
Shinjuku Stalker
Shino Shimoji
Shiny Star D\xe9cor
Shiratori
Shiratori cut-in that displays\nduring an All-Out Attack.
Shiratori cut-in that\ndisplays during battle.
Shiratori has several skills that hit multiple times. By teaming up with Sumi or Haruna, who benefit from multi-hit attacks, you can create a more effective party.
Shiratori Transformation Tile
Shiro's Moving Stage
Shirosato Beach: Cooking Minigame
Shirosato Beach: Shooting Minigame
Shiruko
Shocked
Shocks a random target. Crit dmg up.
Shoes
Shoji Meguro
Shoji Meguro
Shoki Ikenami
Shonen Manga Weekly
Shoot, that leader of them bandit Shadows is back again! Persistent fella, ain't he? Now he's got even more guards taggin' along. Two can play at that game though, right, sugar? Mind sharin' a few of your strongest friends with me? I'll make it worth your while!
Shooting Challenge
Shooting Controls
Shooting Star
Shooting stars will appear in this stage.\nThey move fast, but if destroyed they will award a large amount of points.
Shop
Shop Charm Stock
Shop Refresh
Shop Security
Shop Security 2
Shop Security 3
Shop Security 4
Shop Security 5
Shop with Minami
Shopping
Shops
Short Boots
Short Passageway
Shota is upset that his old playmate Haruna is going away to college in the US. It seems like he misses playing with her.
Should I spend some special time with Kotone...?
Should I spend some special time with Riko...?
Should I spend some special time with Runa...?
Should I spend time with Ayaka...?
Should I spend time with Kayo...?
Should I spend time with Kira...?
Should I spend time with Kiyoshi...?
Should I spend time with Kotone...?
Should I spend time with Masaki...?
Should I spend time with Merope...?
Should I spend time with Miyu...?
Should I spend time with Motoha...?
Should I spend time with Riko...?
Should I spend time with Runa...?
Should I spend time with Shun...?
Should I spend time with Tomoko...?
Should I spend time with Toshiya...?
Should I spend time with Yaoling...?
Should I spend time with Yumi...?
should they deal with that mechanism first?
Should we grab a\ndrink somewhere?
Show Chat During Battles
Show Chat on Main Screen
Show Ctrl Only
Show Cursor
Show no fear!
Show PgDn Only
Show PgUp Only
Show them your might, Zorro!
Showcase of Fortune
Showdown
Shows lens flares and enhances lighting. Depending on your system, this may cause your frame rate to be lower than expected.
Shows party members following behind you when exploring the Metaverse. Depending on your system, this may cause your frame rate to be lower than expected.
Showtime
Shrimp Stir-Fry
Shun
Shun and I tried a secret menu item at a monjayaki restaurant. The taste was greater than he imagined...
Shun and I tried what appeared to be ordinary curry ramen at first glance, but led to him reminiscing about his childhood.
Shun comes up with the ramenburger for the gourmet competition. Well, it certainly is innovative...
Shun creates a ramen that can be enjoyed by one and all. His way of thinking seems to have Serizawa impressed.
Shun cut-in that displays\nduring an All-Out Attack.
Shun cut-in that\ndisplays during battle.
Shun heads to a diner that's running a collab menu with a famous ramen shop. There, he meets prestigious food consultant Takumi Serizawa, who invites him to enter her upcoming contest to create a new ramen dish.
Shun is a Guardian with a varied skillset. He can heal allies, reduce the enemy's defense, and also make enemies focus their attacks on him.
Shun is in high spirits as we visit the familiar Heritage Kitchen. Our orders of fried rice come with a helpful clue.
Shun Kano
Shun Kano
Shun Kano introduced us to the ramen of Heritage Kitchen, and Motoha immediately noticed that it had the taste she remembers. Though it seems that Miyazawa plans to get his hands on this restaurant, as well...
Shun Kano. But around here, you can call me Soy.
Shun presents his carefully perfected ramenburger to Serizawa, but unfortunately it wasn't what she was looking for. Rather than come up with an outlandish idea, she advises him to give an entry that shows what he's learned.
Shun realized he didn't have the shaver box he needed to prepare the ramen. Miyazawa just laughed, and told him he threw it away.
Shun successfully earns a spot in the competition, but in his quest to find the perfect flavor, his journey still continues.
Shun talked to you while you were stretching and asked you about her.
Shun told me of his plans for the future, and asked me to join him on his quest to find his ideal flavor, by touring the local ramen shops.
Shun Transformation Tile
Side Mission
Sightseer
Sign
Signature Pose
siiick
Silent Pistol
Silver Bangle
Silver Gunner
Similar to thermal energy or electricity, Mental Energy can be stored, extracted or transmitted.
Simple Makeup Pouch
Simple Solo Cooking
Simplified Battle
Simplified Battle Messages
Simplify Battle Results
Since Miyazawa's\napology, a lot of\ncritics quit...
Single-Frequency Radio
Single-serving Chicken Tail
Sinner of Avarice
Sinner of Wrath
Sinners of Vanity and Gluttony: Stamina Mode
Sit
Sit
Sit down
Sit Down
Situation puzzles
Skating Rink
Skill Acc +1%
Skill attacks have a chance of Burning targets.
Skill attacks have a chance to Burn targets.
Skill Custom Parameter 1
Skill Custom Parameter 10
Skill Custom Parameter 2
Skill Custom Parameter 3
Skill Custom Parameter 4
Skill Custom Parameter 5
Skill Custom Parameter 6
Skill Custom Parameter 7
Skill Custom Parameter 8
Skill Custom Parameter 9
Skill Down Points
Skill Level Up
SKILL LEVEL-UP MATERIALS
Skilled
Skincare routine
Skip Animations
Skip Battle Animations
Skip Normal Attacks
Skip Story
Skytree
Sleeping
Slide
Slime's Farewell
Slithering in the Shadows
Slow Dance Kotone's Skills
Small Boilie
Small Fish
Small, aggressive fish that swim in numbers. If mixed in a fishing pond, they will prey on other fish.
Smart Planter
Smiling
Smooth
Snap out of it.
Snapshot
Sneakers
Snowfield
Snowfield
Snowflake Keychain
Snowglobe
So bored!
So it was Miyazawa's\nfault that store\nshut down!?
So Miyazawa screwed\nover that little\nramen place?
So tired...
Soccer
Soccer Point Exchange
Soccer Star
Soccer Team
Soccer Team
Soccer Team Practice
Soccer team practice has been unlocked.
Soccer Third Eye
Soichiro Hoshi
Sojiro is my guardian while I'm in Tokyo. For the next year, until my "probation" is lifted, I will be living on the second floor of this shop.
Sojiro Sakura
Soldier Figure
Sole Manual
Sole-Mart
Solo Revolution
Solo Rock
Solve the Castle's Puzzles
Some Fire skills have other effects on foes in certain states.\nFireburn activates on Burning foes and increases damage dealt to the target by 2%.\nIceburn activates on Frozen foes and has a 50% chance to increase the target's Fire and Ice damage taken by 5% for 2 turns.\nWindburn activates on Windswept foes and deals Fire damage as a follow-up equal to 1% of the target's max HP (1 time).
Some ingredients may be returned after cooking
Some materials may be returned after crafting gifts
Some materials may be returned after crafting gifts.
Some passages can be opened by moving near them, but others cannot be opened.
Some sneaky Incubus has been causin' a stir, layin' traps here and there. I don't know what that little critter's plannin', but it's sure makin' my life harder. Got any friends who can help me out and give me a buff or two?
Someday, my life's tale may become a book that's passed down through generations... I live every day with that possibility in mind.
Somehow, my conversation with Shiina turned to the topic of her university days...
Someone got pushed\non the tracks! Hope\nthey're okay...
Someone got shoved\nhere in broad\ndaylight.
someone report this
Someone was shoved\nviolently at\nthe station!
Something I heard\nin my lecture
Something seems different at the bathhouse in Yongen-Jaya today. Maybe I should check it out...
Something's off... We got the Core, so why isn't the Palace collapsing?
Sometimes...
Somewhere in Mementos, a massive Shadow let out a bellowing roar...
Songwriting, playing guitar
Sonic Detection
SOON
Sorrow
Sorrow: Moon
Sorrow: Sky
Sorrow: Star
Sorrow: Sun
Sorry about before
Sorry I'm late!
Sorry to bother you
Sorry to keep\nyou waiting.
Sorry, but I don't make a habit of talking about myself. What? Don't look so sad! I'll tell you someday.
Sorry, I'll pass.
Soulful
Sound Effects
Sound Sleep
Sounds like a bad idea.
Soups On
South Entrance
South Garden
South Office Area
South Side
Southeast
Southeast Area
Southern Rooftop
Southwest
Southwest Area
Southwest Corridor
Sow seeds in the garden planters and harvest ingredients and flowers.
SP
SP Exhibition Room
SP Recovery
SP Recovery
Space,Sun,Moon,Star,Sky
Spaceport
Spaceport and Friends
Spaceport Arc
Spaceport Battle Scene
Spaceport Post: Boss Battle Loop Scene
Spaceport: Barracks
Spaceport: Central Factory
Spaceport: Cycle Story Scene
Spaceport: Facility Passageway
Spaceport: Facility Surroundings
Spaceport: Story Scene
Spaceport: Transfer Line
Spaceport: Weapon Maintenance
Spaceport: Weapon Production
Sparkle
Speaking my mind
Speaking with the former secretary, Riko is able to confront the burden of needing to meet the expectations of those around her. The director of the hospital advises that Riko speak to her father herself.
Special Action Button
Special Commands
Special Effect
Special Effect
Special effect of the Vanquisher Charm set. Deal 1% of max HP per stack as damage to foes. (Lasts for 2 turns.)
Special Invitation from Kotone
Special Invitation from Riko
Special Invitation from Runa
Special Lemon Drink
Special Pursuits: City Life Event
Special Pursuits: Optional NPC
Special Scene\nWeather: %s
Special Treat
Specially cultivated barbel steed. It has a stronger aroma and a richer taste than other barbel steed.
Specified Commercial Transactions Act
Specified Commercial Transactions Act and Payment Services Act
Speed
Spend 1,000 yen
Spend 125 Railway Coins, and receive 1 Lost Item.
Spend 20,000 yen
Spend 50 Railway Coins for a 20% chance to receive 1 Lost Item.
Spend 50 Railway Coins for a 40% chance to receive 1 Lost Item.
Spend 50 Railway Coins for a 80% chance to receive 1 Lost Item.
Spend 50 Railway Coins, and 60% chance to receive 1 Lost Item.
Spend 50 Railway Coins, and guaranteed to receive 1 Lost Item.
Spend 50 Railway Coins.\n30% chance to receive 200 Railway Coins.\n70% chance to lose all Railway Coins.
Spend 75 Railway Coins, and receive 1 Purple Charm.
Spend all Railway Coins, and receive 1 Orange Charm.
Spend time at Leblanc
Spend time at Leblanc 12 times
Spend time with Ayaka
Spend time with Kitazato
Spend time with Kiyoshi \u3000
Spend time with Kotone
Spend time with Masaki
Spend time with Merope
Spend time with Miyu
Spend time with Motoha \u3000
Spend time with Riko
Spend time with Runa
Spend time with Shimizu
Spend time with Shun
Spend time with Sumi
Spend time with Tomiyama
Spend time with Tomoko
Spend time with Yaoling
Spend time with Yui
Spend time with Yumi
Spent 1 Counterfeit Bill!
Spent 1 Money!
Spent 4 Money!
Spent all Counterfeit Bills!
Spent all Money!
Spicy Boiled Fish
Spicy-Man: Hungering
Spider Switches
Spike Traps
Spin to Win Raffle
Spiritual ailments recovered!
Sports Cap
Sports Earphones
Sports Gym Training Bonus
Sports Gym Unlocked TL - Watch TV at home on your day off
Sports Towel
Sportswear
Spread your wings and soar into the sky. Your mind is free from doubts, and you are simply heading toward the end of the journey.
Spring Rolls
Spring Scenery
Squabble
St
Stadium Rooftop: First Base - Third Base
Stadium Rooftop: Home Base - First Base
Stadium Rooftop: Third Base - Home Base
Staff Passageway
Stage 1
Stage 10
Stage 11
Stage 12
Stage 13
Stage 14
Stage 15
Stage 16
Stage 2
Stage 3
Stage 4
Stage 5
Stage 6
Stage 7
Stage 8
Stage 9
Stage Display Case
Stage Strategy Safe Room
Stairs Display Case
Stamina Mode
Stand down!
Standard
Standard Black Frame
Standard Pass
Standing
Star Snapper Manual
Stardust Shard
Stare
Starfish
Starry Set
Start
Start of a Thief's Journey
Start Rewards
Started from Zero
Starting Station Platform
Statue Effect
Statue Effect Active
Status Ailment 1
Status Ailment 2
Status Ailment 3
Status Ailment 4
Status Ailment Set
Status Ailment Set 2
Status Ailment Set 4
Status report!
Staunch
Steady Blade
Steady Player None
Steel Your Heart
Steps to a New Beginning
Stewed Chicken
Sticking around here\nisn't so bad,\nreally...
Sticky Rice Balls
Still feeling strange, you boarded the train, when suddenly a talking owl called out to you.
still want to watch
Stolen Painting
stop that
Store
Story
Story Next Step Key 1
Story Next Step Key 2
Story Next Step Key 3
Story Scene
Str
Strange Alert
Strange Castle
Strange Events at a Certain Casino
Strange Old Castle
Strange Platform
Strategist
Strategy Room
Strawberry Bento Box
Strawberry Ice
Strawberry Jam
Strawberry Shaved Ice
Strength
Strength of Self
Strengthening Kokatsu's teamwork with group activities is a good way to deepen trust and understanding between members.\nJoin practice and give it your all.
Stretched Arms
Stretchy Pants
Strife
Strife, Works
Strife: Moon
Strife: Sky
Strife: Star
Strife: Sun
Striped Loungewear
Strong Attack Down
Strongly Agree
Struggling forward along the path, carrying a great weight alone. Even when defeat seems inevitable, there is still hope ahead.
Strumming in Shibuya
Studded Gloves
Studded Jacket
Student Guidance Room
Studio
Studio: Castle Keep Depths
Studio: Castle Keep Exterior
Studio: Castle Keep Interior
Studio: Castle Keep Interior 2
Studio: Castle Keep Mid-Level
Studio: Castle Keep Summit
Studio: Castle Keep Upper
Studio: Castle Keep Upper Exterior 1
Studio: Castle Keep Upper Exterior 2
Studio: Court
Studio: Exterior East Side
Studio: Exterior West Side
Studio: Main Bailey
Studio: Main Film Studio
Studio: Palace Forest
Studio: Palace Gate
Studio: Palace Main Gate Bridge
Studio: Second Bailey
Studio: Third Bailey
Study at home
Study at the caf\xe9
Study at the diner
Study at the library
Study with Haruna
Study with Minami
Sturgeon Manual
Stylish Plant Guide
Styx
Suave
subscribed
Subway Slammer
Success
Success, Sorrow
Success: Moon
Success: Sky
Success: Star
Success: Sun
Successfully repair the puzzle cube
Succubus
Sudama's Invasion
Sui-Ki's Rampage 1
Sui-Ki's Rampage 2
Suidobashi
Sukiyaki
Sumi
Sumi cut-in that displays\nduring an All-Out Attack.
Sumi cut-in that\ndisplays during battle.
Sumi Transformation Tile
Summer Event Battle Scene
Summer Finale!
Summer Memories
Summer Merope
Summer Motoha's Skills
Summer Party Part 1
Summer Party Part 2
Summer Riko Tanemura
Summer Shun Kano
Summer Tomoko's Skills
Summer! Sea!
Summit
Sumo Wrestler Sticker
Sunday
Sunflower Seeds
Sunlight Effects
Super Bass
Super Express Meal
Super Giant Black Ooze
Super Heavy Merchandise
Super Loud Alarm Clock
Super Muramasa
Super Rare Capsule
Super sharp eyesight!
Super Tycoon
Supermarket
Supermarket differences
Superpower of Love
Supplies
Support
Support Enhancer-N9
Support Phantom Thief Skills in Auto-Battle
Support Phantom Thieves Animations
Support Skills
Support Skills
Supporting her favorite idol
Surgeon
Surprise
Surprised
Surprisingly Different
Surrounded by Shadows
Surt
Surveillance Cameras
Survey
Sushi Restaurant
Suspected of using third-party tools.
Suzaku
Suzaku's Invasion
Swap To Running
Sweeper
Sweet and Sour Fish
Sweet Kinako Mochi
Sweet Shichi-kun
Sweet Temptation
Sweeter than Sweet
Swept into the Unknown
Swim Ring
Swimsuit Character Highlight Scene
Swimsuit Character Highlight Scene (Night)
Swimsuit Observer
Swing
Switch
Switch Between Allies and Enemies
Switch Devices (Chapter 3 Palace)
Switch Lower Tag (Left)
Switch Lower Tag (Right)
Switch Pot Contents (Chapter 3 Palace)
Switch to Keyboard Mode
Switch upper and lower tags (L & R on gamepad/W & S on keyboard)
Switch Upper Tag (Left)
Switch Upper Tag (Right)
Switching Personas
Syke
Symphony of Gluttony
Synergy
Synergy File
Synergy Preference
Synergy Rewards
Synergy Story Scene
Syrup
System
System Notification
System Settings
Tabby Cat Side Mission AllowedTL-Talk during school commute
Tabloid Illustration
Tactical Analysis
Tactical Goggles
Taisho Store
Take
take 'em out
Take a break if you want.
Take a Look
Take Baseball
take my money
Take on 3 consecutive parkour challenges.\nIf you succeed, receive the rewards for each challenge,\nalong with the Lost Item, Parkour King.
Take on the eating challenge
Take online reviews\nwith a massive pinch\nof salt.
Take the Analytical Record
Take the elevator
Take the Mournful Record
Take the Parkour King Challenge
Take the Passionate Record
Take the Revelatory Record
Take them down, Robin Hood!
Take up the bass and give it a try. Your passion and talent outshines a few missed notes.
Take your desires in hand and form them into a spear, piercing through the dark clouds that obscure the truth.
Take Your Heart
Take Your Meds
Takemi Medical Clinic - Buy Items
Takenoko Street
Takes down single enemies with targeted attacks.
Takeyuki Kiuchi...\nThe former baseball\npro, right?
Takeyuki Kiuchi?\nWho's that?
Taking an interest in both the cooking and managing side of business, Shun decides to try soupless tantanmen from a takeout spot. He's impressed by all the consideration they put into ensuring it stays tasty for a long while.
Taking care of yourself?
Taking Cover
Takumi Serizawa, a notable food consultant, approaches Shun. Having seen the Food Fight, Serizawa proposes a new opportunity.
Tale from the Past
Talent? I don't think I have anything I'm really good at. Sometimes I worry about how I should live my life without baseball.
Talents
Talents
Talk to Anderson
Talk to Ayaka
Talk to Chihaya
Talk to Haruna
Talk to Koide
Talk to Komatsu
Talk to Minami
Talk to Sato
Talk to Shichi-kun
Talk to Shishida
Talk to Tanzo
Talk to Tosabayashi
Talk to Tsuda
Talk to your family.
Talking shit behind\nmy back!?
Tamayo explained to me about her admiration for Motoha, and insisted that Motoha hasn't lost her passion for baseball.
Tanzo
Target
Targets marked by Koumokuten's Eye of Heaven take 10% increased damage. Koumokuten's Attack is increased by 10%.
Targets marked by Koumokuten's Eye of Heaven take 25% increased damage. Koumokuten's Attack is increased by 25%.
Targets marked by Koumokuten's Eye of Heaven take 50% increased damage. Koumokuten's Attack is increased by 40%.
Tasteless Castle
Tea Time
Teach Me
Teacher to Menace
Teaching Personas Skills
Teahouse
Team Edit Shortcut
Teamwork and strategy play an equally important role.\nJoin practice and hone your soccer skills.
Teamwork!
Teary-Eyed
Tease
Teasing Succubus
Technician
Temp Bag
Temperance
Temporary Rest
Tempting Succubus
Tempura
Tencent Appstore
Tengu Mask
Terminal Station. Shadow of immense power detected.
Terms of Use
Terpsichore
Terrain Blending
Test GM Scene
Test Run
Testception
Testing Life and Death
Tetsunojou Shishida
Text Language
Texting
Texture Quality
Thalia
thank u producers
Thank ya kindly for your advice on negotiatin' the other day\u2014it's gonna help me keep my customers smilin'! But I reckon I need to work on my strength, too, seein' as I'm always totin' my wares on my noggin. Got any strong friends who could help with my trainin'?
Thank You
Thank you for playing Persona5: The Phantom X.\nWe have accepted your refund request for %s, and %s has been removed.\nPlease contact us if you have any questions.\nWe hope that you will continue to enjoy playing Persona5: The Phantom X.
Thank you for purchasing %s. This is the day %d reward for the item.\nAs you did not log in on the specified day, the reward has been delivered to you via this message.
Thank you for\nyour assistance
thank you, producers
Thank-You Lucky Bag
Thanks for always being there for me. As long as you're here, I... Sorry, nevermind.
Thanks for helping\nLeo-chan
Thanks for the other day
Thanks to the fine water quality, this fish is fatter and finer than ordinary crucian carp. It's extremely delicious.
Thanks to the Phantom Thieves' efforts, Kaneshiro's heart was changed and he surrendered himself to the police. But as Sae watched the news on TV, her expression remained stern.
Thanks to your efforts, desire's finally returnin' to this gloomy world. Y'know, I've been seein' fragments of consciousness scattered all 'round Mementos. They might be worth collectin', don't ya think? Might be worth askin' them friends of yours to grab 'em for ya.
Thanks to your efforts, Shun was able to flawlessly recreate the legendary flavor of Victory Kitchen.
That aggravatin' Decarabia showed up again, and this time it's got the hardest quiz I've ever seen. I can't even make heads or tails of it! I'll need your best, most supportive friends to help. The shop can't keep runnin' like this!
That Ame-no-Uzume's got moves that'd make the angels jealous. But I can't help but wonder if she ever gets tired of always dancing by her lonesome. Got any friends who'd be up for joining her?
That bastard Kiuchi.\nI hope he rots in\njail for life.
That bastard should\nhave been caught a\nlong time ago.
That car looks\nexpensive.
That darn Succubus is still givin' me the stink eye. I reckon she's just bidin' her time to make her move. You got any friends who are good at weakening enemies? Preferably tougher than the ones from before? Then we could give her a taste of her own medicine...
That day, even though I did what thought was right...\nI was sued and forced to move to Tokyo...
That day... I was late getting home that night. I witnessed a drunken man aggressively harassing a woman.\nI couldn't just ignore it, so I stepped in to stop him. However\u2014\n"Damn brat... I'll sue!"
That fortune teller\nChihaya in Shinjuku\nis pretty cute.
That girl who was\npushed on the tracks\nis in hospital.
That girl's amazing\nat guitar.
That girl's reading\npeople's fortunes.\nIs she legit?
That gourmet food\ncritic is popular\nthese days.
That guy's\npretty cute.
That mocktail recipe...
That movie was\npretty good.
That must've been\nreally tough!
That night, following Shun's suggestion, the Phantom Thieves met up at Heritage Kitchen.
That ol' bandit Shadow leader just don't know when to quit. He's got himself a bunch of strong bodyguards taggin' along. Things're about to get a li'l dicey 'round here. Sorry to trouble ya again, but I sure could use your help.
That old rubber ball made the Treasure Demon happier than a dog with two tails! But who'd've known that secret entrance led to a baseball stadium!? I must confess, I don't really know anythin' about sports... Could any of your friends show me around?
That pesky Incubus done called in his buddies... He's lookin' mighty hard\u2014uh, hard to beat, I mean\u2014but this might just be your shot, ya hear? Show him you ain't fallin' for his tricks, and he'll skedaddle faster than a scared possum. Know anyone who's good with buffs?
That ramen shop in\nShinjuku is getting\na lot of buzz.
That restaurant was\ngreat! I gotta post\npics online.
That Subway Slammer\nactually injured\nsomeone?
That Subway Slammer\nnever came to\nShinjuku, huh.
That Treasure Demon was happier than a rooster in a henhouse when I showed it that Movie Ticket Stub! Turns out that secret entrance leads to an old Japanese castle of sorts, but lemme tell ya, it's got traps nastier than a snake in the grass. Now it really feels like somethin' out of a movie. If you got any pals who know a thing or two 'bout this place, I'd appreciate their help gettin' around!
that was just ep 2? gg, seriously
That was Noge-san\njust now, right?\nCute as always...
That's definitely a secret!
That's fake, right?\nNo way it looks like\nthe photo.
That's not right.
That's not your only option.
That's seriously\ntraumatizing.
That's Wrong, Isn't It?
thats it!
The "Whatever, I Give Up" Incident
The %s boss challenge will be ending soon.
The %s exclusive contract has ended.\nThe unclaimed 5\u2605 Phantom Idol Contract has been delivered to you via this message.
The %s you purchased exceeded the purchase limit, so you have been refunded for the item in Cognition Crystals based on the price of the item.
The academic coordinator introduced the rest of the faculty to Kei Akashi, a new teacher. He appears mild-mannered, although he seems to have something planned involving Ms. Katayama...
The active player can play cards, and there are a number of ways to do so:\nOne card, a pair, three of a kind, or four of a kind.
The airsoft shop guy\ndoesn't look like\na civilian...
The airsoft shop\nover there is\nreal cool.
The Assassin's Juice: Part 1
The Assassin's Juice: Part 2
The attribute bonus of the 2-piece set is doubled. Nullify insta-kill damage one time, and restore 25% HP (once per battle).
The bag sounds good.
The bar owner left an application for a flair bartending contest for Shiina, but she feels conflicted about whether or not to sign up. Shiina takes this opportunity to finally open up about her past. She ultimately gave up dancing because somebody kept coming to her dancing competitions to criticize her every mistake, until she couldn't take it any longer. This is why she fears competing to this day. After telling her story, she feels a little better, but her desire still lingers...
The Battle of Desire
The beef bowl restaurant in Shibuya is hiring part-time help. Maybe I should check it out...
The beef bowl restaurant in Shibuya is packed today. Maybe I should help out...
The beef bowl restaurant in Shibuya is short-staffed today. I'll do what I can...
The beef bowl restaurant in Shibuya seems like they could use some help. I could go take care of some customers...
The beef bowl restaurant is low on hands today...
The beef bowl restaurant seems to be understaffed today. I could go there if I have some time...
The Best Chinese Cuisine
The Best Secret Weapon
The Birth of Evil
The black current gradually recedes, and light appears on the horizon. Fears and doubts will be lifted with the coming dawn.
The bookstore in Shibuya is low on hands today. I'll do what I can to help...
The bookstore in Shibuya is short-staffed today. I could go help take care of customers...
The bookstore in Shibuya is short-staffed today. I should go help out...
The bookstore in Shinjuku is hiring. Maybe I should check it out...
The bookstore in Shinjuku is really busy today. Maybe I should help out...
The bookstore in Shinjuku is short-staffed today. Maybe I could go help take care of customers...
The bookstore in Shinjuku needs some help today. I could go help organize shelves...
The Bow Dance is complete!
The caf\xe9 in Kichijoji is holding an event to sample some new coffee. Maybe I should go...
The caf\xe9 over\nthere is really\ngood...
The Calm Before Judgement
The challenge... is to prove your strength...
The change of heart was successful, and the man came by to personally apologize to Shiina. She was surprised, and wonders how I did it...
The Chariot
The charm of Naruru
The Chef and the Great Artist
The Chosen One!
The Chosen One?
The competition is over. Unfortunately, Shiina didn't win... but she's not upset about it in the slightest. She excitedly tells me about everything she gained from the experience. Shiina makes me a non-alcoholic version of the cocktail she presented at the contest, and it was apparently inspired by me... It won't be for another few years, but I can't wait to try the real thing once I'm an adult.
The convenience store in Shibuya is hiring. I should check it out...
The convenience store in Shibuya is really busy today. Maybe I should help out...
The Core has been acquired! Time to make our exit!
The Core must be hidden somewhere within the bank's underground.\nThe Phantom Thieves continue searching the depths for a route forward.
The Core's presence is rapidly growing closer. The exit is within reach.
The cr\xeape shop in Shibuya called and said they needed help...
The cr\xeape shop in Shibuya is short-staffed today. Maybe I should go over there...
The cr\xeape shop in the Shibuya shopping district seems to be hiring. Maybe I'll check it out...
The cr\xeape shop seems busy today...
The criminal prosecutor, Sae Nijima, and the famous high school detective, Goro Akechi, came to pay a visit to Leblanc. The way Akechi spoke about the Phantom Thieves caused the protagonist and Morgana to become wary.
The Crossroads of Fate
The Cry of a True Hero
The current Phantom Pass will be ending soon.
The cursed video
The cycle of life and death is neverending.
The Cyclist's Identity
The damage of Moha's Sphinx Dive is greatly increased.
The damage of the Wraith of Envy's Dark Whisper is increased by 15% and its Attack is increased by 10%.
The damage of the Wraith of Envy's Dark Whisper is increased by 35% and its Attack is increased by 25%.
The damage of the Wraith of Envy's Dark Whisper is increased by 60% and its Attack is increased by 40%.
The Dance of Healing is complete!
The Dance of Items is complete!
The Dance of Spears is complete!
The Day the Pearl Flies
The Devil
The diner isn't too crowded today. I could focus on studying...
The doctor at that\nclinic is real\nstrange...
The drugstore in Shibuya is hiring. I could go check it out...
The drugstore in Shibuya is really busy today...
The drugstore in Shibuya seems really busy today. I should go there if I have some time...
The drugstore in Shibuya seems short-staffed again today...
The dungeons you can take on change daily.
The duration of Horn of War is increased by 1 turn, and Red Rider's max HP is increased by 80%.
The eerie sound of a woman's crying echoes through the dark of a certain school hallway. What kind of secrets are hidden in this hall of lament?
The effect of Incentivization on guards is increased.
The eighth of the nine orders of angels. Their duty is to minister to humans and deliver messages. They are warriors of Heaven and lead Heaven's forces during battle with the armies of evil.
The Electric Barrier Door in the Palace will not allow anyone to pass besides robots.\nBring a robot to the switch next to the door to authenticate it, allowing it to pass through.
The Emperor
The Empress
The End and the Beginning
The End of Summer
The event %s has ended.\nYour unused coins have been delivered to you, and can be found in your bag.
The event %s has ended.\nYour unused items have been automatically exchanged for rewards and delivered to you via this message.
The event %s will be ending soon. Be sure to participate and exchange for rewards.
The event goals are separated into 4 parts:\nMain Story, Metaverse Exploration, Shadows of Ruin, and Thieves Den Remodeling.\nWhen you complete each objective, you will earn Meta Jewels and the event currency Plum Blossom Dango.
The Evil AV Room
The exploration of the vault has begun.\nIn addition to traps and tricks, powerful Shadows lie in wait for the Phantom Thieves.
The famous food critic Hiromu Miyazawa filmed a video at Victory Kitchen while no customers were around.
The fastest pitching machine in Japan is installed here. I could hone my baseball skills here.
The fierce flames roar and rage, engulfing everything until silence returns and a gentle light shines through.
The Final Battle
The Final Stretch
The finest salmon, only a small amount of which is caught each year. Its exquisite taste is unforgettable.
The First Calling Card
The first station when you start the Control Center.
The first station when you start the Control Center.\nYou can receive a Lost Item from Marthym.
The first time I heard Ayaka Sakai play the guitar, I was blown away by the quality of her sound. Even more surprising was the lack of reaction from anyone else passing by... But then, a girl approached...
The Fish Whisperer's Guidance
The fishing rod has a set amount of durability. If the bobber hits the gauge walls too often, the line will break and the fish will escape.
The flavor, color, and all different things come together in a single glass. It's like magic, don't you think? And on top of that, the shape of the glass and the color of the decorations can change the impression, too. You've gotta be a real magician to make the perfect drink for each customer, and that's what I want to be.
The flower shop in Shibuya is busier than usual today. Seems like they need some help...
The flower shop in Shibuya is especially busy today. I should go help out if I have time...
The flower shop in Shibuya is short-staffed today. I should go help out...
The flower shop in Shibuya seems like it could use some help...
The flower shop in Shibuya seems short-staffed today...
The flower shop in Shibuya seems understaffed today. I could go help pick out flowers...
The flower shop in the Shibuya underground mall is hiring. Maybe I should check it out...
The flower shop in the Shibuya underground mall seems to need some help...
The fog is now lifted, and the scenery before our eyes becomes bathed in light. The true world is finally here.
The fog obscures the track ahead.\nYou won't know where you'll end up until you enter.
The foggy path is choked with vines, and demons whisper to lead travelers astray. When will this curse be lifted?
The following options are available in Persona Training.\nEnhance: Level up, gain skills, and overclock.\nTeach Skill: Learn new skills.\nDetails: View currently equipped skills.
The food I cook\nmyself is the\nmost delicious.
The Fool
The fried food store in Kichijoji could use some help today...
The fried food store in Kichijoji is hiring. Maybe I should go there...
The fried food store in Kichijoji looks packed today. Maybe I should help out...
The fried food store in Kichijoji looks really busy today...
The fried food store in Kichijoji seems to be understaffed today...
The frigid winds subside and the icy lakes begin to thaw. Spring returns, and the distortions come to an end.\nTogether with Slow Dance Mont, perform a farewell dance and take a final bow. Wonderful rewards await at the end of the challenge.
The genuine flavor that Shun served up was enough to move Miyazawa to tears. It seemed like Shun's victory was certain.
The Girl and the Cat
The girl we helped out introduced herself as Oracle, another one of Joker's Phantom Thief allies.
The goal rewards for the Trial of the Astrolabe were not claimed. They have been delivered to you via this message.
THE GOAT. challenger is THE GOAT. (T\u0434T)
The golden fields are bathed in sunlight. A knight in black armor lifts his weary head and gazes into the distance.
The gym in Shibuya is giving out free protein...
The gym is running a free protein event today. Might be worth checking out...
The gym trainer\nseems a bit strange.
The Hall of Lament
The Hanged Man
The Harrowed Grounds
The Hermit
The Hierophant
The High Priestess
The Highlight gauge refills 35% slower.
The Highlight gauge refills 60% slower.
The Highlight gauge will be filled 20% slower, but Highlights deal 200% increased final damage.
The Highlight gauge will be refilled to 30% after resting in a safe room (only effective in a Palace or Mementos against Wandering Shadows)
The Highlight gauge will be refilled to 30% after resting in a safe room (only effective in a Palace or Mementos against Wandering Shadows).
The HP reduction effect of Horn of Pestilence increases by 15%, and White Rider's Attack increases by 10%.
The HP reduction effect of Horn of Pestilence increases by 20%, and White Rider's Attack increases by 25%.
The HP reduction effect of Horn of Pestilence increases by 30%, and White Rider's Attack increases by 40%.
The Idol Ideal
The illustration created as a notice\nright before the release of Persona 5.
The illustration created for the\nPersona 5 hero image.
The illustration created in\ncelebration of Persona 5's release.
The illustration used for the\nPersona 5 box art.
The illustration used for the\nPersona 5 limited edition jacket.
The Importance of Sunscreen
The Inari Fox are messengers of the gods of the harvest. They kindly watch over people who work diligently.\nObtainable at capsule machines around the city.
The Incubus's Trap
The internet's\nso boring lately.
The Joy of Fishing
The lamp emits a psychic pulse affecting the minds of those within its radius.
The Last Challenge
The latest instalment in the Spicy-Man series is here! Everybody's favorite food fighter must rise up to face his hottest opponent yet... an ultra-spicy ramen that can melt through steel!
The laurel-crowned warrior returns in glory. All the pain and suffering of the past is reduced to dust amidst the triumphant cheers.
The leader of your Companio %s has been changed to %s.
The level rewards from the previous Phantom Pass were not claimed. Please claim your rewards.
The limited-time Thief Tryout will be ending soon, and the Trial Shop will be closed.\nPlease be sure to exchange for rewards before then.
The lion bathed in intense flames stretches its body. A joyous melody is heard and the light appears.
The Lovers
The lower all enemies' current HP, the more their final damage is increased. When HP is below 20%, the maximum damage increase is 40%.
The Magician
The Majesty of Swimsuits
The man in black forcibly took Miyu's belongings and broke her puppets. She realizes that he was sent by her parents, and feels deeply saddened by that...
The manager of\nthe airsoft shop\nis scary...
The manager passed along an application for a flair bartending contest to Shiina, but she seems troubled by something...
The Mascot Strategy
The men suddenly transformed into monsters, but the thief was unshaken, and easily dispatched them.
The Mental Interference Lamp will affect the mind of anyone nearby, so be sure to avoid it.
The Metaverse Navigator has produced another anomaly. This time, the Thieves have been taken to a place resembling some sort of museum... will they encounter "them" again?
The Metaverse Navigator started malfunctioning again, and we were whisked away to some unknown location.
The Moon
The more points you earn, the more rare items you can win.
The more we learn, the less we know... What new discoveries could await just around the corner?
The movie theater in Shinjuku has both entertaining blockbusters and arthouse pictures. I should see what's playing today...
The mysteries of the world are yours to discover.
The mysterious Shadow from earlier is here to sell her wares. Take a look.
The name of your Companio has been changed to %s.
The new %s Phantom Pass has started.\nAs you cleared %s daily missions in the previous pass, the new pass has been adjusted and rewards have been delivered to you via this message.
The new release is\nout! I'm staying\nup all night!
The new song received an overwhelmingly positive response. The songwriting process helped Ayaka rediscover why she makes music in the first place. She's going to continue pursuing her dreams, and the journey will never end...
The new teacher is\nso hot... Should I\ntalk to him?
The new teacher? Oh,\nI was distracted by\nRiko-senpai...
The new teacher\nseems pretty good.
The next day, Ms. Katayama attempted to stop a student acting dangerously in the hall, which caused a stir.
The next day, you encountered Yamagoshi on your way to school. Now that Miyazawa's heart has been changed, Yamagoshi seems to be in better health.
The next job that Tomoko decides to take on is at the beef bowl restaurant in Shibuya. With her sharp eyes honed from years of playing baseball, she catches a customer who's been causing trouble for the store red-handed.
The next time you win a battle, you are guaranteed to receive an Orange Charm.
The ninth of the nine orders of angels. They are closest in nature to humans. They watch over individuals and warn those who stray from the path.
The notes comes together beneath your deft fingers, conveying the emotions hidden within the song.
The Notes You Don't Play
The Obariyon Nest (Den)
The object of the game is to play all of the cards in your hand before the other players.
The operation was a success, the patient's hope for life was restored, and Kitazato's mentor recognized his ability. Afterwards, I promised to continue supporting Kitazato's work, and everything seems to be going well...
The origin of the word "soy"
The owner of the caf\xe9 is called Sojiro Sakura.\nI will be staying here for the next year.
The Palace reopens, and we unexpectedly meet Yamanashi's shadow.
The Palace Still Stands
The particularly vivid yellow tail indicates a high amount of nutrients in its body, and is also a sign of its value.
The party unanimously decided to change Madarame's heart. They posted a calling card at Madarame's exhibition, setting the stage to steal his Treasure!
The person she happened to see the other day was her father's former secretary, who used to show her such kindness when she was young. Harboring a mixture of doubt and regret as to why she disappeared so suddenly, Riko decides to investigate what happened all those years ago.
The Phantom Thieves
The Phantom Thieves backtracked to a certain room at the castle's west end.\nPanther seemed to have some bad memories of that room.
The Phantom Thieves come across yet another peculiar mural.\nAt first glance, the animals in it don't seem to be connected at all... But then, a look of realization appears on Navi's face.
The Phantom Thieves commenced our exploration of Miyazawa's palace along with our newest member, Shun. First we'll need to secure a route to the Treasure.
The Phantom Thieves confronted Shadow Kaneshiro at the heart of his Palace, and witnessed his grotesque transformation.
The Phantom Thieves continue their search for the Core as they slip past various security measures. What awaited them ahead was...
The Phantom Thieves continued feeling their way forward in search of the Core.\nThe interior of the castle could hardly be described as being in good taste.
The Phantom Thieves continued pushing forward and exploring the area.\nThe interior of the castle could hardly be described as being in good taste.
The Phantom Thieves decided to accept Yusuke's invitation to Madarame's exhibition. Just as they arrived, they saw Madarame surrounded by the press, answering questions with a proud yet humble demeanor.
The Phantom Thieves discovered a new Palace, and during their infiltration, they encountered its ruler: Shadow Madarame. Showing no remorse, Madarame claimed his actions were a justified reward for taking in and raising orphaned children.
The Phantom Thieves encountered two unfamiliar Thieves, Mona and Skull, and established an alliance with them.\nSkull had been to this castle before, but it didn't seem like it had been a positive experience for him.
The Phantom Thieves encountered two unknown Thieves, Mona and Skull, and established an alliance with them.\nThey don't recall anything good about the place.
The Phantom Thieves face off against the Core's guardian at the spaceport's deepest point.\nIn the middle of the battle, the enemy shouted all manner of mysterious words.\nJust what could these utterances mean...
The Phantom Thieves finally left the museum. There, they came across something most unexpected...
The Phantom Thieves find themselves in dire straits as they are suddenly attacked by a strong Shadow.\nLuckily, they still had an ace up their sleeve.
The Phantom Thieves find themselves in dire straits as they face Kamoshida. Ryuji, unable to fight, can only look on as the others are hurt...
The Phantom Thieves fought their way to the underground prison.\nThere, they came across a lost teammate confined to a cell.
The Phantom Thieves from Persona5: The Phantom X hanging out.
The Phantom Thieves from Persona5: The Phantom X sending a calling card.
The Phantom Thieves from Persona5: The Phantom X.
The Phantom Thieves have arrived in front of the vault.\nSkull suggested holding a planning meeting before attempting to enter.
The Phantom Thieves have finally arrived at the heart of the castle.\nCan they successfully steal the Core...?
The Phantom Thieves have finally arrived at the heart of the castle.\nCan they successfully steal the Core?
The Phantom Thieves head toward the second exhibition room. The museum's inner security seems to be very tight...
The Phantom Thieves head toward the security room in order to find the road leading outside of the art museum. The patrolling Shadows and security measures are not to be taken lightly.
The Phantom Thieves infiltrated the Palace to steal the Treasure. Twisted by his distorted desires, Kamoshida took on a monstrous, demonic form and attacked them. The Phantom Thieves were cornered...!
The Phantom Thieves managed to locate Kaneshiro's palace, but with his fortress floating in the sky, they had no way to reach it.
The Phantom Thieves notice a mysterious boy named Yusuke following behind Ann. When they confronted him, Yusuke begged Ann to be a model for his paintings.
The Phantom Thieves of desires... I have entrusted you with the role of leader while I focus on my own objectives.
The Phantom Thieves rushed to Kaneshiro's club to help Makoto, only to wind up falling into Kaneshiro's trap.
The Phantom Thieves saw a post on the Phan-Site, claiming "a famous Japanese artist is plagiarizing the work of his students.\nThey suspected this message was referring to Madarame, and decided to take action.
The Phantom Thieves, exhausted from the continuous campaign of battles and exploration, decide they might need to take a short rest.
The Phantom Thieves\nare trending
The police should\ndo something soon.
The potato field was ravaged by virtual pests. Devastated by the sight, Yui logged out then and there.
The presence of the Core grows closer.\nIt looks like the final destination of this journey will lead to the very heart of the vault.
The Price of Crime and Vigilantism
The private lives\nof idols
The protagonist and Ryuji were thrown into the castle dungeons by strange armored figures. Before they could even come to their senses, a half-naked king with the face of Kamoshida appeared before them!
The protagonist got in touch with the journalist they met during the Maradame heist, and uncovered the name of Makoto's target: Kaneshiro. The Phantom Thieves proceeded to search for his Palace...
The protagonist moved to Tokyo alone under special circumstances. He reached his new accommodations at the Sakura residence, but...
The protagonist of Persona5: The Phantom X.
The protagonist went to his new school to introduce himself to the faculty, but was met with a cold welcome. The principal, seemingly annoyed at his presence, warns him not to cause any trouble...
The protagonist, Ryuji, and Mishima, who overheard their conversation, snuck into an empty apartment and called for a maid... but the moment they hung up the phone, Ryuji and Mishima freaked out, and hid out on the balcony.
The public was shocked by Miyazawa's sudden declaration that he would quit his career as a celebrity critic.
The ramen at\nVictory Kitchen\nis really good.
The required Wrath for Moha to use Rapid Ascent is reduced to 8.
The rewards for Marthym's Rewards Card have been adjusted from this update.\nCoffee Aid x1 has been added to the daily rewards, so Coffee Aid has been delivered to you as compensation based on the records for your previously purchased Marthym's Rewards Cards.
The Road to Stardom
The route to the Treasure was secured, but in order to execute the change of heart, every member of the Phantom Thieves must be in agreement.
The Scent of New Leaves
The season for the %s you purchased has ended. Rewards based on the latest Phantom Pass have been delivered to you via this message.
The Second Calling Card
The Second Target
The Secret to Support
The security level is displayed on the Security Level Gauge.\nWhen the level is high, enemies will be more vigilant.
The Self
The Self
The server has detected that your network environment is unstable or that you are using third-party tools. Please close the game and log in again.
The Shadows of Lust and Vanity %s challenge has ended. Your rank was %s%, and the rank rewards have been delivered to you via this message.
The sharp blade will never stop swinging. A fearless fighting spirit will cut through any chains that try to bind it.
The sharp sword pierced through the still-beating heart. But now the blood is drying, and the wound will heal.
The shop's too\ncrowded. Where\nshould we go?
The shopping arcade extending from Kichijoji station sells just about everything. One fried food shop in particular has a line that's said to have no end.
The small and large monitors are connected based on color.
The smallest of the owls that can be found in Japan. Its feathers stand up straight and look like cute ears.\nObtainable from a Zoshigaya-exclusive capsule machine.
The song was a bit difficult but you are beginning to understand its underlying meaning and composition.
The song was a bit difficult but you fully understand its underlying meaning and composition.
The Sound of Snoozing
The Star
The strange creature calling itself "Lufel" was your guide as you entered a mysterious other world called Mementos.
The Strategist's Next Move
The Street Artist Festival was canceled by Miyu's parents. Feeling personally responsible, a dejected Miyu decided to give up on her dream and return home to face her parents directly. I need to do something to fix their distorted desires...
The structure of the spaceportesque False Palace was complex, teeming with various obstacles to the Phantom Thieves' exploration. Channeling all of the knowledge and experience they had gained up to this point, they utilized the facilities within the spaceport and slowly began to make their way through.
The Subway Slammer\nhas become quite\na hot topic.
The Subway Slammer\nwas once a pro\nbaseball player?
The Sun
The Swift and the Seething
The Sword Dance is complete!
The tale of a humble violinist who visits a town left devastated after the war. Can the beautiful sound of his violin bring the divided townspeople together again...?
The team is growing stronger. The next step is to go against top teams in the regional tournament.\nJoin practice and get ready for the big match.
The team needs to focus on physical training. It all comes down to speed, stamina, and power.
The theater in Yongen-Jaya is screening an old classic now. I should go check it out...
The Thieves arrived at a building closely resembling Kaneshiro's Palace. No one could hide their disgust at the unsightly scene brimming with greed.\nIn front of the palace, they found the formerly lost Closer, who was accompanied by another reliable new teammate.
The Thieves find themselves hampered by the base's security system.\nThey need to find a shadow with an Employee ID bearing special access permissions. Even for Shadows of the Metaverse, it seems the shackles of hierarchical society cannot be so easily broken.
The Thinker
The Third Alliance
The Three Fates
The three head out to Odaiba Seaside Park, where they spend a fun-filled day together. As they're about to head home, Kotone opens up about the true reason why she hasn't returned to figure skating... Her confidence has been destroyed by hurtful comments online.
The Thrill of the Catch
The time for a decisive battle has arrived. You and your fellow Phantom Thieves made the final preparations and headed for Kiuchi's Palace.
The Tower
The Traveling Bodyguard
The treasure chests may contain Lost Items, Charms, or Railway Coins.\nYou can choose only one.
The Treasure Manifests
The trio once again infiltrated the Palace in an attempt to change Kamoshida's heart. Somehow, Ann has also appeared in this world...
The Troubled Trader
The turbot is one of the largest fish in the sea. Usually only juveniles are released into fishing ponds.
The Tycoon and Beggar exchange 2 cards each, and the Rich and Poor exchange 1 card each.\nThe Poor and Beggar must choose the strongest cards in their hand (excluding the Wonder card).
The unclaimed participation rewards from Nightmare's Gateway have been delivered to you via this message.
The unclaimed Phantom Pass %s mission rewards have been delivered to you via this message.
The unclaimed rewards from the %s Phantom Pass mission %s have been delivered to you via this message.
The unclaimed rewards from the event %s have been delivered to you via this message.
The unclaimed stage rewards from Nightmare's Gateway have been delivered to you via this message.
The underground mall\nmight have a good\ngift for her...
The underground\nmall's got new\nclothes in stock!
The Usual Place
The vast array of live\naction hero franchises
The Velvet Room exists between dreams and reality, mind and matter. I am merely a servant of its master.
The Velvet Room in Persona5: The Phantom X.
The Velvet Trials
The Velvet Trials Battle Scene
The Velvet Trials Episode Scene
The Velvet Trials NPC
The Velvet Trials Stage Scene
The Velvet Trials Star Rewards
The video of Ms. Katayama stopping the student in the hallway was posted to Divine Justice, and she was publicly branded as an abusive teacher.
The Violinist
The Voice of an Angel
The Wandering Moon
The water gun fight seems like a pretty exciting event.
The weather is fine, and the sun is shining.
The weather is fine, and the sun is shining.
the weird bird doll thing wouldn't stop talking
The white crucian carp is a member of the carp family. Grilled, boiled, or fried, it's perfect for all kinds of cooking.
The whole thing that "people from Sichuan love spicy food" is just a stereotype, you know! But... I do think Japanese food could be better with a little spice.
The wife of Mochizuki Moritoki, and a legendary female ninja. During the Sengoku period, she was chosen by Takeda Shingen to serve as the head shrine maiden of Kai and Shinano provinces, and also headed a group of shrine maidens who wandered the country. It is said that these women were actually kunoichi, working as spies to gather information.
The wind howls fiercely, as the time to toughen up and face our fears has come. Now face the storm and let your heart scream out!
The winds and waves are ever-changing, but they will not consume you if you simply readjust your course.
The World
The World
The world is filled with endless marvels to behold.
The world is getting\nmore dangerous\nevery day.
The World's Anomaly
The world's largest owl. It owes much of its large size to its fluffy feathers and long tail.\nObtainable from a Zoshigaya-exclusive capsule machine.
The Wraith of Envy can Lock On to 1 more target, and its max HP is increased by 80%.
The Wraith of Envy gains 3 Down Points, and its max HP increases by 20%.
The Wraith of Envy gains 4 Down Points, and its max HP increases by 50%.
The Wraith of Envy gains 5 Down Points, and its max HP increases by 80%.
The Wraith of Envy will continuously summon minions to fight.
The Wraith of Envy's Berserk state gets stronger. Each turn, damage increases by 15%, and max HP increases by 30%.
The Wraith of Envy's Berserk state gets stronger. Each turn, damage increases by 20%, and max HP increases by 65%.
The Wraith of Envy's Berserk state gets stronger. Each turn, damage increases by 30%, and max HP increases by 120%.
The year is 20XX. Aliens from the planet Centaurus have invaded Earth, but after a crushing defeat at the hands of the humans, they are forced to surrender, and must embark on a perilous journey back to their home planet... using the Earth's moon.
The zookeeper decided to play a little prank on Capy B., who had fallen asleep in the bath. Capy B. doesn't mind the smell of durian.\nObtainable from a Shinjuku-exclusive capsule machine.
The zookeeper decided to play a little prank on Capy B., who had fallen asleep in the bath. Clementines are Capy B.'s favorite food.\nObtainable from a Shinjuku-exclusive capsule machine.
The zookeeper decided to play a little prank on Capy B., who had fallen asleep in the bath. The ducklings relax here, too.\nObtainable from a Shinjuku-exclusive capsule machine.
The zookeeper decided to play a little prank on Capy B., who had fallen asleep in the bath. The fresh scent of yuzu enhances relaxation.\nObtainable from a Shinjuku-exclusive capsule machine.
The zookeeper decided to play a little prank on Capy B., who had fallen asleep in the bath. The warmth of the bath even caused the cat to fall asleep.\nObtainable from a Shinjuku-exclusive capsule machine.
Theater Passageway
There are 4 types of trading cards with buff and debuff effects. If you collect 3 or more, the negative effects will be removed.
There are some real\nsickos out there.
There are three different kinds of train tickets, and the total number you gain varies depending on the type.
There are too many\npeople making food\nreview videos.
There are two types of Fog Doors in Mementos.
There haven't been\nany good anime\nlately...
There might be some useful books for sale\nat Taiheido Bookstore.
There's a competitive eating contest\nat Victory Kitchen. I should check it out...
There's a cool girl who plays guitar somewhere in Shibuya.
There's a good ramen\nshop in Shinjuku.
There's a lot of\nfood review streams\nthese days.
There's a mysterious juice that is always out of stock, but no one alive has ever bought. Could there be an assassin in our midst?
There's a popular movie playing at the theater in Shibuya. I should go check it out...
There's a really\ncute chubby cat\nin Zoshigaya.
There's a scary guy\non the rooftop...
There's a whole stash of rare stuff sittin' in that stadium! But I can't get even a hair closer to any of it with that aggressive pitching machine standin' guard. If you know a batter good enough to hit them balls outta the park, we might just be able to grab the goods. I'll give ya a fair slice of the spoils!
There's always\nstudents studying\nat the diner.
There's an event going on at the bookstore in Shinjuku today. Maybe I should help out...
There's been so many\nnew shops opening\nhere lately.
There's nothing you can do.
There's some new songs I could try out at karaoke in Kichijoji...
There's some open shifts at the beef bowl restaurant in Shibuya today...
There's something that's\nbeen on my mind...
There's this interesting\nnew film out!
There's too many...
Thermal Energy and Energy Transmission
These clothes\nare so cute!
These coins can be used to purchase Lost Items and Charms, as well as to upgrade Charms.\nThey can be earned by defeating Shadows or breaking search objects on platforms.
These items grant a variety of different effects that can offer advantages in battle.\nYou can find Lost Items by buying them from Marthym or by defeating Shadows.
These reviews are\nglowing... Were they\npaid off?
These two review\nscores are totally\ndifferent...
They don't seem to\nknow anything.
They finally caught\nthat guy.
they're not supposed to be here in the first place, lol
They're still talking\nabout Miyazawa? Who\neven cares?
Thick as Thieves
Thick-fleshed eel. Generally bought by high-end restaurants to make eel rice bowls.
Thief Bag
Thief Details
Thief Details - Select Question Mark
THIEF LEVEL-UP MATERIALS
Thief Tryout
Thief Tryout mode and Character Trial mode will be unlocked.\nDuring the event, you can beat limited-time stages, obtain Trial Tickets, and exchange them for rewards in the trial shop.\nIn Character Trial challenges, you can try working with new allies in designated challenge stages.\nNote that you can only use fixed teams; team configurations and training evaluations cannot be adjusted.\nYou can obtain rewards from the event screen after you clear a Character Trial for the first time.\n
Thief Tryouts will be available for a limited time, and a limited stage will also be available for the same period.\nEach time you clear a limited stage, you can earn challenge rewards.
Thief's Apprentice I
Thief's Apprentice II
Thief's Apprentice III
Thieves Den
Thieves Den
Thieves Den Unlocked
Thieves' Alliance
Things beyond farming
Things feel really\ndangerous lately.
Think I'll visit\nthe bookstore.
Think this through.
Thinking
Thinking that rhythm could be the key to help Sakai sing, I decide to meet her in Shibuya with my secret weapon: a tambourine. Amidst the hustle and bustle of the city, Sakai finally begins to sing, and many people stop to listen.
Third Bailey
Third Bailey Battle Scene
Third Bailey: Safe Room
Third Eye
This fish can be found in regions where special algae grow. A rare variety with a unique mineral taste.
this guy is insane
this guy's not bad at all
This guy... I should\nreport him online as\na Menace.
This herring's scales were not damaged when it was caught. Its freshness is truly remarkable.
this human's kinda cool??? totally crushing it this time \u3003\u2200\u3003
This is an explanation about "Sports Gym Unlocked TL - Watch TV at home on your day off."
This is delicious!\nI've gotta bookmark\nthis place...
This is the time we\nagreed on. Where\nare they?
This new order's some kinda heavy steel gizmo... looks like it might be a weapon? My shop ain't exactly set up for this sorta thing, but as a pro, I refuse to shy away from the challenge! Got any friends who know their weapons?
this ones too hard, kinda blacked out there
This party is made up of Phantom Thieves who are easy to recruit. They have a good balance of single- and multi-target attacks, as well as HP recovery. This is a versatile team ideal for players new to exploring the Metaverse.
This place has a\nlow rating. Let's go\nsomewhere else.
This place has\ngotten a lot of bad\nreviews lately.
This place is\ndelicious! Why's the\nrating so bad?
This place seems to\nhave good ratings.\nLet's eat here.
This season of Nightmare's Gateway has ended.\nThe rewards for your Companio's rank have been delivered to you via this message.
This season of Nightmare's Gateway has ended.\nYour highest rank during the challenge was %s%%.\nThe player rank rewards have been delivered via this message.
This season of the Trial of the Astrolabe will end in %s days. Please note that you still have %s points of Spiritual Endurance remaining.
This season of Trials from the Sea of Souls has ended.\nThe unclaimed mission rewards have been delivered to you via this message.
This season of Tycoon has ended, and your rank was %s.\nThe rank rewards have been delivered via this message.
This season of Tycoon has ended. Your rank was %s and overall ranking was %s.\nThe rank rewards have been delivered via this message.
This season's Trials from the Sea of Souls challenge has ended.\nYour rank was %s%%, and the rank rewards have been delivered to you via this message.
This Shadow is weak to Gun attacks.
This song for Kotone-san
This store is\nso last season.
This sucks, man...
This sucks. I just\nwanna go home and\nhit the sack.
This Thief specializes in healing skills that restore the party's HP.
This thing with Yukimi-san...
This Way
This weather's\nperfect for a\nlunchtime walk.
Those guys...\nAre they joking!?
Thoth
thought we had that for sure!
Thoughts I had on my travels
Three Lv. 30 Thieves
Three Lv. 40 Thieves
Three Lv. 50 Thieves
Three Lv. 60 Thieves
Three Lv. 70 Thieves
Three Thieves
Through looking after Leo, Tomiyama learned a lot about herself. Now she's better prepared for the next time she meets a young person in need.
Through the chosen one's efforts, the truth behind the Assassin's Juice is about to be revealed. Will he have to unleash his secret power against the forces of evil?
Throw away shaved ice you've created by dragging it to the trash can.
Thumb Light
Thumbs Up
Thunderous Blessing
Thunderstorm
Thursday
Ties
Tilt the stick to move forward.
Time to Settle This
Time(s)
Timeline Cameras
Timid Shadows
Tired
Tita & Nick
Titania, a mermaid who longs to live on land, sneaks on to a luxury cruise ship and falls in love with Nick, one of the crew members on board. But Nick has a dark secret... for he too is a mermaid that yearns to live like a human. Behold the complex love story in this fantasy epic.
To help Ayaka with her street performance, I revealed my secret weapon - a tambourine! Our duet concert was a success.
To look for clues, you made your way to Heritage Kitchen after school.
To our continued\npartnership
Today I'll treat\nmyself to a steak.
Today's Fortune-Telling\nIncrease your luck and receive various bonuses.
Tokoroten noodles
Tome of Forbidden Knowledge
Tomiyama
Tomiyama and Leo were finally able to open up to one another. After talking things through, Leo has decided to move out and live by himself.
Tomiyama came to me for advice on how to interact with young people, and I agreed to help her out.
Tomiyama came to understand the differences between the youths of today and her, both now at her current age and when she was young herself. She hopes that next time, she'll be able to better support people in different circumstances than her.
Tomiyama can't help but wonder if the fact that her and Leo haven't had any arguments might be a sign of distance between them. She figures she's probably needlessly worrying, but still can't keep it out of her mind.
Tomiyama cut-in that displays\nduring an All-Out Attack.
Tomiyama cut-in that\ndisplays during battle.
Tomiyama is an Elucidator who specializes in strengthening her allies' attacks. She can enhance her allies' Attack and Damage Dealt, and increase the effects inflicted on enemies with elemental ailments. As such, she works well with allies who can cause elemental ailments.
Tomiyama is astonished to learn that her nephew, Leo Kamiyama, never walks around with any cash on him. Thinking back to how things were when she was younger, she becomes even more painfully aware of the generation gap than before.
Tomiyama is shocked to discover that her lingo is out of date...
Tomiyama is thinking of making him a special bento to encourage Leo for his upcoming audition.
Tomiyama prefers to pay by cash, and just can't seem to understand cashless payments.
Tomiyama told me that Leo ran away from home. In order to help both of them out, I have to go and talk to Leo...
Tomiyama Transformation Tile
Tomiyama wants her nephew to send her a photo so that she can recognize him when she picks him up at the station, but is shocked to find that when she asks him for an MMS, he has no idea what she's talking about.
Tomiyama wants to cheer Leo up, but she's at a loss for what to do.
Tomiyama wants to do something to support Leo in preparation for his audition. Seeing him pursue his dream reminds her of how she fought with her parents back when she was doing the same.
Tomiyama's nephew, Leo Kamiyama, is training to become a costumed stuntman.
Tomokazu Sugita
Tomoko
Tomoko and I took up a job at a convenience store. No matter the task, she always devotes herself to the job at hand.
Tomoko and I were working at a flower shop, when we happened to see Kotone again. She had come to buy a bouquet for her coach.
Tomoko and I worked a shift at the beef bowl restaurant, and managed to catch a customer who was trying to cause trouble.
Tomoko and the protagonist take up a part-time job at the convenience store in Shibuya. She's left feeling somewhat glum when her neighbor comes to the counter and brings up her injury, but otherwise manages to complete her shift without trouble.
Tomoko cut-in that displays\nduring an All-Out Attack.
Tomoko cut-in that\ndisplays during battle.
Tomoko decided to take up part-time jobs in order to find a new goal for the future. I lent her a hand by working at the cr\xeape shop with her.
Tomoko invites Kotone to visit their school and, with the help of the brass band, surprises her with a cheer song just for her. Kotone is deeply moved, and in that moment, Tomoko feels that her days playing baseball were truly worthwhile.
Tomoko is a Strategist who specializes in enhancing her allies' Attack. In addition to putting enemies to sleep and rendering them unable to act, she can also increase the enemy's Damage Taken, making her useful in plenty of situations.
Tomoko is my closest friend. We've been battery mates since little league, and she's always there for me whenever I'm having a hard time. I want to be there for her forever too. We're not just friends, we're besties!
Tomoko Noge
Tomoko Noge
Tomoko thought back to her baseball days, and came up with an idea to encourage Kotone with a cheer song.
Tomoko Transformation Tile
Tomoko's attack-boosting skills can enhance Motoha's multi-target attack skills. These Phantom Thieves are easy to recruit, making this an ideal team for beginners.
Tomoko's attack-boosting skills can increase the effectiveness of Ren's multi-target attacks.
Tomoko's attack-boosting skills can increase the effectiveness of Ryuji's single-target attacks.
Tomoko's attack-boosting skills can increase the effectiveness of Yui's single-target attacks.
Tomorrow's quiz
Tonkatsu
Tonkatsu sounds good.
TONS OF KONPAKU GEMS
too excited to sleep
Took Almighty damage, and shield was destroyed!
Top of the League
Top-Class Boilie
Tops
Torches
Toshiya Sumi
Toshiyuki Toyonaga
Total Rating
Total Score Ranking
Total Stage Action Scene
Tough Shadows detected at this station.
Traces of Dreams
Track Switches
Trade
Trade all Lost Items for other random Lost Items.
Trade Lost Items
Trading Card #1
Trading Card #2
Trading Card #3
Trading Card #4
Traffic Accident?
Tragedy Bound
Trailblazer
Train Tickets
Train/Enhance
Training Area
Training Evaluation
Training Hall
Training Hall of Love
Training Set
Training Set
Training Support
Training, watching movies
Training: Increase the thief's Level and Awareness.\nWeapon: Equip and enhance weapons.\nRevelations: Equip and enhance Revelation Cards.\nSkill: Check the thief's skills and strengthen them.
Transcendent
Transcendental
Transfer Line Battle Scene
Transfer Line: Lower
Transferring Energy
Transfinite Collapse
Transform
Transformation
Transformation Item
Transformation: Moon
Transformation: Sky
Transformation: Star
Transformation: Sun
Trashcan
Treasure Bag
Treasure Chest
Treasure Chest Event 1
Treasure Chest Event 2
Treasure Chest Event 3
Treasure Chest located at this station.
Treasure Chest Station
Treasure Chests
Treasure Demon and Rubber Ball
Treasure Demon and Ticket Stub
Treasure Demons
Treasure Detector
Treasure Hall Exterior
Treasure Hall: Gallery
Treasure Hall: Lounge
Treasure Hall: Main Hall
Treasure Hall: Waiting Room
Treasure Lovers
Treasure Room
Treasured Cards
Trendsetter
Trial 1
Trial 2
Trial 3
Trial of Demise 1
Trial of Demise 2
Trial of the Astrolabe
Trial of the Astrolabe
Trial of the Astrolabe End Notice
Trial of the Astrolabe Entrance Scene
Trial of the Astrolabe Play Scene
Trial of the Astrolabe Unlocked
Trial of Thorns Boss Challenge End Notice
Trial of Thorns: Custom Difficulty
Trial of Thorns: Fixed Difficulty
Trial Shop Closure Notice
Trials from the Sea of Souls
Trials from the Sea of Souls Boss
Trials from the Sea of Souls Boss Scene
Trials from the Sea of Souls Rank Rewards
Trials Map
Trials of the Deep
Tricolored Dango
Trio
Trojan Hack-S8
Trojan Replicator-E9
Trolling
Trouble Comes Knocking
True Feelings
Truffles
Trumpeter
Trust
Try changing jobs?
Try cleaning?
Try guarding?
Try moving?
Try out different combinations of Revelation Cards to draw out the optimal set effect.
Try Parkour Course 1
Try Parkour Course 2
Try Parkour Course 3
Try planting it outside?
Trying new caf\xe9s
Trying new cocktails...
Tsukishima
Tuesday
Tunnel North Sector
Tunnel South Sector
Turbot Manual
Turn Order
Turn Page
Turn(s)
Turns out there's a whole lot more to them Attributes than I thought\u2014Psychokinesis, Nuclear, Curse, Bless... That's quite the lineup, ain't it? I reckon my shop could make some mighty fine wares usin' them. Say, got any friends who're well-versed in this sorta thing?
Tutorial
Tutorial Arms Deals
Tutorial Contract
Tutorial Contracts
Tutorials
TV Station
TV Station: Miyazawa Confession
Twelve-String Sunset
Twilight Tandem
Twisted Hall
Twisted Hall
Twisted Passage
Two 5\u2605 Thieves
Two Fates Intertwined
Two Hearts Beating As One
Two Lv. 30 Thieves
Two Lv. 40 Thieves
Two Lv. 50 Thieves
Two Lv. 60 Thieves
Two Lv. 70 Thieves
Two Lv. 80 Thieves
Two rivaling tofu pudding restaurants... One serves sweet, the other serves savory. When they each send spies to infiltrate and sabotage the other shop, an underground culinary showdown breaks out! Is revenge a dish best served sweet or savory?
Two Thieves
Tycoon
Tycoon Challenge Rewards
Tycoon is a 4-player card game.\nYou can choose to play 1 or 3 rounds.\nAt the start of the game, each player is dealt 14 cards.
Tycoon Match
Tycoon Rank Rewards
Types of Fog
Types of Requests
u ok, producers? lol
UE Direct Configuration Only
Ueno
Ugh! Why does\neverything have to\nbe so annoying?
Uh oh, I think I'm\ngonna be late...
Uh-oh, this ain't good... Them bandit Shadows are back, and they've gone and armed themselves real proper this time. I hate to keep askin', but I'd be mighty grateful of you could ask them strong friends of yours to handle this lickety-split.
Uh... This tastes\nstrange. I don't\nlike it.
Uji Matcha Flan Set
Ultimately, Masa was forced to leave the judging panel, and Shun's Food Fight against Miyazawa began.
Umbrella
Ume Fan
Unable to hold back her anger, Ms. Katayama started to get violent, but the scene was caught on film by a student.
Unacceptable News
Unbreakable combo for 10 s. Charge 20 s.
Unbreakable combo for 13 s. Charge 15 s.
Unbreakable combo for 15 s. Charge 15 s.
Unbreakable combo for 5 s. Charge 30 s.
Unbreakable combo for 8 s. Charge 25 s.
Unclaimed Contract Rewards
Unclaimed Event Rewards
Unclaimed Login Reward Item Delivery
Unclaimed Mission Rewards
Unclaimed Nightmare's Gateway Participation Rewards
Unclaimed Nightmare's Gateway Stage Rewards
Unclaimed Pass Daily Mission Rewards
Unclaimed Pass Mission Rewards
Unclaimed Trial of the Astrolabe Goal Rewards
Unclaimed Trials from the Sea of Souls Mission Rewards
Unclaimed Trials from the Sea of Souls Rank Rewards
Unconditional Love
Under Control
Underground Castle
Underground Cavern
Underground East Entrance
Underground East Interior
Underground Prison 1
Underground Prison 1F
Underground Prison 2F
Underground Prison Battle
Underground Prison Safe Room
Underground Prison: Hidden Room
Underground Prison: Safe Room
Underground Prison: Underground Corridor
Underground Rest Area
Underground Search
Underground Vault: Core Area
Underground Vault: Entrance
Underground Walkway
Underground West Entrance
Underground West Interior
understandable
Undo Transformation
Unexpected "Downpour"
Unexpected Flutterings
Unexpected Incident
Unforgettable Past
Unicorn 1
Unicorn 2
Unicorn 3
Unicorn 4
Unicorn 5
Unique Palace
Unique Shadow Abilities
Unique Shadow Abilities
University student
University student 1st year
Unknown Area
Unknown Outer Space
Unlikely Palace Ruler
Unlimited ammo for 10 s. Charge 10 s.
Unlimited ammo for 6 s. Charge 30 s.
Unlimited ammo for 7 s. Charge 25 s.
Unlimited ammo for 8 s. Charge 20 s.
Unlimited ammo for 9 s. Charge 15 s.
Unlock
Unlock Map
Unlock Phantom Thief
Unlocked the %s area at home.
Unlocks after clearing Stage 12
Unlocks after clearing Stage 15
Unlocks after clearing Stage 3
Unlocks after clearing Stage 6
Unlocks after clearing Stage 9
Unlocks at Fishing Level 4
Unlocks at Fishing Level 7
Unlocks at Synergy Rank 17 with Motoha Arai
Unlocks at Synergy Rank 9 with Motoha Arai
Unmistakable Identity
Unpleasant Memories
Unrelenting Shadow
Unspoken Expectations
Unsuccessful Capsule Exchange Notice
Until We Meet Again
Untold Past
Up
Up on the school rooftop, Lufel explained to me about the Metaverse and shadows. It seems that he has something he wishes to ask me.
Updrafts
Upon revisiting the Velvet Room, Igor and Merope warned me that a terrible future of ruin awaited.
Upon your return to reality, you found that Miyazawa's Treasure had changed form and become an old movie ticket.
Upper East
Upper Level Elevator Room
Upper North Entrance
Upper North Interior
Upper VIP Area
Upper West Entrance
Upper West Interior
Urania
Urgh... lately, some downright frightenin' Shadows have been swipin' my goods from right under me! I'm at my wit's end now with these bandits. Say, got any strong friends who can give them no-good vermin a good thumpin' for me?
Usage Effect: Can put the Shadows in the area used to sleep.
Usage Effect: Displays destroyable objects in the area used on the map.
Usage Effect: It's handmade, so it's a bit rough around the edges, but it should help you find some good treasure at the dam.
Usage Effect: It's handmade, so it's a bit rough around the edges, but it should help you find some good treasure at the dam.
Usage Effect: Lowers the security level within the Palace used in to 0%.
Use
Use 1,250 stamina
Use 100,000 Konpaku Gems
Use 120 stamina
Use 240 stamina
Use 25 Action Points
Use 3 Action Points
Use 3,000 Rebel Coins at the Thieves' Exchange
Use 480 stamina
Use 5,000 Konpaku Gems
Use 500 coins in Send 'Em Flying
Use 720 stamina
Use 80 stamina
Use Elucidator Support Skills in Auto-Battle
Use Highlight in Auto-Battle
Use ingredients to cook your own dishes. Increase your proficiency to learn new recipes.
Use the workbench to craft infiltration tools before exploring.
Use this skill.
Used 1 Fairy Power!
Used Bookstore
Using its thick front armor as its source of power, it can blast away any tanks that dare approach it.\nObtainable at capsule machines around the city.
Using Robots' Energy
Using the Grappling Hook
Using the Mind Control Device, you can alter the thoughts of the Dam control center workers.
Usually alone or in pairs, they live in groups in the winter. They're adorable when cuddling together to sleep.\nObtainable from a Zoshigaya-exclusive capsule machine.
Valor
Valor: Moon
Valor: Sky
Valor: Star
Valor: Sun
Valuable Lost Item
Valuable treasures are hidden around this area, but beware the guards that block your path!
Vanilla Perfume
Vanity Forsaken
Varsity MVP
Vault Exploration
Vein Totem
Velvet Room
Velvet Room, -1
Velvet Room: Trials from the Sea of Souls
Velvet Room: Vortex
Verify
Very soon the demon of terror will come knocking at the door. It waits in the darkness, setting traps to lead the world to temptation.
Vibrant balloons color the skies of Shibuya.\nA super rare capsule obtainable from a Shibuya-exclusive capsule machine.
Vibrant Loungewear
Vibrant Record
Vibrant Violet Cascade
Vibrant Violet Crackle
Vibrant Violet Heart
Vibrant Violet Kaleidoscope
Vibrant Violet Palm
Vibrant Violet Spiral
Vibrant Violet Star
Vibrant Violet Willow
Vibration
Victory
Victory Conditions
Victory: Moon
Victory: Sky
Victory: Star
Victory: Sun
Video Games Allowed-Talk at the school gate
View a tutorial.
View All Contents
View Attribute Seals
View Charms
View City Life content
View Combat Item Info
View Combat Tips
View Details
View Log (Story Review)
View Personas
View Phantom Thieves
View Recollection
View Scroll Tips
View Scroll Tips and Tutorials
View Strange Object
View Turn Information
Villa
Villains
Vinegar Tofu
Vino 1\u2605 Weapon
Vino 2\u2605 Weapon
Vino 3\u2605 Weapon
Vino 4\u2605 Weapon
Violet Bouquet
VIP Access
VIP Area: East
VIP Area: West
VIP Member's Card
Virtual Market
Virtual Netizen
Virtual Snowy Mountain
Virtue
Virtue: Moon
Virtue: Sky
Virtue: Star
Virtue: Sun
Visit enough times, and there might be a chance for a special event to occur... Be sure to check it out!
Visit from Friends
Visual Fragment
Visual Fragment
Vitamin Drink Set
Vivid
Vividly colored sanke koi. A rare fish that can only be caught under special conditions.
Voice
Voice Language
Volt Regulator-T1
Voltage Amp-E2
Volume Settings
Volumetric Lighting
VSync
Vulnerability Cracking
waaay better when you see it live. need to get a better seat next time
waaay too easy. you're letting the humans win!
Wait a minute...
Wait, is that\ncritic just making\nstuff up?
Waiting Customers
Waiting room.
wake up lol
Walk with Me
Wall Mural Mystery
Wallet
Wanna go get ramen\nsometime?
Wanna go to karaoke?
Wanna head home\ntogether?
want to see the challenger again!
Warding Set
Warehouse
Warm Cargo
Warm Tolerance
was it shorter this time or is it just me???
Washing Face
Wasn't that gourmet\nreview show on\ntoday?
Watch a movie
Watch Close!
Watch Out for Obstacles
Watching dance videos...
Water Gun Attack Skill 1
Water Gun Attack Skill 2
Water Treatment Plant
Water Treatment Plant Lower Level
Water Treatment Plant Mid-Level
Water Treatment Plant Tunnel
Water Treatment Plant Tunnel Battle Scene
Water Treatment Plant Upper Level
Water Treatment Plant,Power Plant
Water-Cursed Door
Watercolor Postcard
Wayfarer
We are business partners working together as members of the Phantom Thieves. Hoohoo, you know, your bag is quite comfortable by the way.
We came across a lot of damaged and broken robots, and it's probably an accurate reflection of the state of the company's employees in the real world. The realization brings back some painful memories for Noir...
We can't trust\neverything food\ninfluencers say.
We encountered a couple of problem customers at the arcade, and challenged them to a shooting game match. After a hard-won victory, the other patrons were inspired, and found the courage to chase the troublemakers out.
We found a poster inside Miyazawa's palace featuring Shun. It seems that the upcoming Food Fight is all part of Miyazawa's scheme...
We headed to Victory Kitchen in Shinjuku to celebrate our victory over ramen, but Motoha couldn't help but feel there's something different about the taste.
We learned about Akashi's past. Now we leave it to Riko to come up with our next move.
We made it to the underground vault and met up with Joker. All that's left now is to get that Core!
We met a guy named Fox. He's an interesting person, and gets along very well with Shun.
We ran into Mona and Skull again. It feels like no matter where we go, their presence eases the tension.
We reached our sales\nquota for the month!\nLet's celebrate!
We returned to Mementos with Riko, and decided on her new code name.
We saw Akashi's past in the Palace. Despite what happened to him, it does not absolve him of his crimes.
We should stop\ntalking. If someone\noverhears us...
We successfully took the Core, and now it's time to say our goodbyes once more. But I'm sure we'll meet again eventually...
We're All Set!
we're in this with you
We've wound up in a mysterious area again. I wonder if our old friends could be here as well.
Weak Attack Down
Weakness Mult. +
Weaknesses and 1 More
Weapon Enhancement
WEAPON ENHANCEMENT MATERIALS
Weapon EXP
Weapon Forging
Weapon Hunt Area A
Weapon Hunt Area B
Weapon Hunt Area C
Weapon Maintenance
WEAPON OVERCLOCK MATERIALS
Weapon Overclock Materials - Beginner
Weapon Production
Weapon Skill Parameter 1
Weapon Skill Parameter 2
Weapon Skill Parameter 3
Weapon Skill Parameter 4
Weapon Skill Parameter 5
Weapons
Wearing cool sunglasses, Shichi-kun's giving off a slightly more mature vibe.\nObtainable from a Shibuya-exclusive capsule machine.
Weather: Clear
Weather: Flu Season
Weather: Heat Wave
Weather: Pollen Warning
Weather: Thunderstorm
Weathered Teru Teru Bozu
Wednesday
Weight
Welcome
Welcome Back Bonus
Welcome Back Program
Welcome Pass
Well, ain't that just my luck. Them bandit Shadows are back, and this time, there's a whole swarm of 'em! I can't focus on my deliveries with all this trouble brewin'. Got any strong pals who could put 'em in their places for me?
Well, ain't this a fine mess? Setanta's back, and lookin' meaner than a snake in a thorn bush. Gettin' whooped last time must've bruised his ego. I need you to round up some friends who can give him a good clobberin' so we can put him in his place for good.
Well, ain't this somethin'... Them bandit Shadows are back, and it looks like they've brought a whole lot more trouble with 'em. Could ya round up your strongest friends to deal with 'em?
Well, ain't this somethin'? That Setanta's back again, callin' himself a gatekeeper and blockin' off the whole dang road. And I mean really blockin' it\u2014ain't nobody gettin' through. I'm gonna need a few of your pals to give him a good thumpin' ASAP.
Well, bless my heart, this next delivery's a hike and a half. I'd usually just hoof it, but I'm feelin' mighty low on energy. Know anyone who can give me a ride to the destination?
Well, bless my soul! Business is busier than a bee in a flower patch! I've got a whole mess of little packages that need movin'. Got any friends who can blast the lot of 'em all at once? I reckon they'd make short work of this.
Well, bless my soul! The other day, I was out stretchin' my legs when I tripped over a Koropokguru. My goods went flyin' everywhere like popcorn in a hot skillet! Looks like it'll be a spell before I'm back in business. I'd be awfully grateful if I had someone to help me get back on my feet.
Well, bless my stars! There's a Treasure Demon guardin' a secret entrance. What do ya reckon's hidin' in there? Bet it's somethin' shiny and worth a fortune! I bet we could get them to move if we throw 'em somethin' soft and round... if you catch my drift.
Well, butter my biscuit. I've got a fragile order to deliver but I can't shake the feelin' some sneaky Shadows might come sniffin' while I'm at it. Got any friends who are good at defending and offering support? I could do with some protection.
Well, here we go again... That bandit Shadow boss done showed up, and he's brought along a bunch of tough bodyguards. I reckon they're lookin' to steal my goods. Sorry to trouble ya, but I'd be mighty grateful if you could put an end to this.
Well, here we go again\u2014that darn Decarabia's back with an impossible quiz! I'm gonna need some mighty strong support to get through this one. Let's just cross our fingers this is the last of its nonsense!
Well, I'll be darned! That Decarabia's back at it again with another quiz, and this one's tougher than a rusty nail! I'm gonna need your best, most supportive friends for this... I'm beggin' ya\u2014it's for the good of the business!
Well, I'll be! I've been feelin' sore as a mule lately, and wouldn't ya know it, turns out an Obariyon's been clingin' to my back like a burr on a hound dog this whole time! I'm supposed to be totin' goods, not this critter. I'd be pleased as punch if you introduce me to your friends who can support me!
Well, I'll be! That high-and-mighty Neko Shogun's gone and made off with my merchandise and refuses to return it! Maybe a fellow feline could sweet-talk 'em into doin' the right thing. Know any cats with a silver tongue?
Well, I've been thinkin' 'bout growin' my business lately, but there's this downright creepy Incubus hangin' 'round, givin' me the heebie-jeebies. I just don't have the strength in me to deal with this. Say, could any of your friends give me a power boost?
Well, I... My voice... I'd really like to share my songs. That's my number-one goal.
Well, Russet, you're a pretty mysterious guy, you know? Whenever we're together, I always end up saying too much about myself...
Well, shoot! That Black Ooze is back, and it's bigger and meaner than ever. Now the road's all slicked up with its sticky goo, and I'm stuck. Could you round up those tough friends of yours to take it down?
Well, shoot... the ringleader of them bandit Shadows came struttin' over and threatened to clean me out for good next time. I don't know how much more my little shop can take. I'm gonna need some friends of yours to work security for me in case he comes back.
Well, sugar, business ain't been too hot lately... But I heard folks'll buy just 'bout anything if there's a cute mascot peddlin' it. You reckon people are really that easy to win over? Could you be a dear and find me a cute mascot before I have to file for bankruptcy?
Well-Used Dungeon
welp. lol
Were there really\nthis many victims?
West Building 1F
West Building 2F
West Corridor
West Exhibition Room
West Garden
West Hallway
West Side
West Side Pitching Practice Area
Western Exterior
Western Room
Western Work Site
WHAT \u2500=\u2261\u03a3((( \u3064\u0300\u03c9\u0301)\u3064 is this a new show???
What are they\ndoing here?
What do kids do with\ntheir photo booth pics?
What do you do in\nyour spare time?
What do you end a\nyakiniku course on?
What do you look for\nin a part-time job?
What I'm good at, huh... A lot of people have told me I'm good at playing guitar. But I feel like I still have a long way to go.
What is Love?
What is there to\neven gain from being\na Menace?
What kind of mocktail?
What makes me the chosen one? You've met me, isn't it obvious?
What people think of me
What should I do...
What should I do\nfor dinner?
What should I eat?
What should\nI get her...?
What the heck is\nan "educational\nadvisor"?
What to Do
What was my name,\nagain?
What was the name of\nMiyazawa's channel\nagain?
What're you looking at...?
What's Beyond the Light?
what's it like?
What's popular these days?
What's the challenge next time? I think you should make it harder
What's up? I'm Kayo Tomiyama! So, what're you kids into these days?
Whatever Mom makes
Whatever...
Wheel
Wheel Menu
Wheel Menu Camera Zoom In
Wheel Menu Camera Zoom Out
Wheel of Fortune
When a Demon Sword Clone is attacked, Shadow Miyazawa's Attack buffs become permanent.
When a foe first takes an attack, decreases Defense by 25%. Lasts for 2 turns.
When a foe is defeated, party's damage increases by 25%. Maximum of 50%.
When a foe with Treasure Hunt Mark has 3 Hint stacks, Treasure Hunt Mark becomes X Marks the Spot, increasing damage taken by 15%.
When a hero tries to save the day, what happens when people don't want to be saved? Life isn't easy, even for the chosen ones...
When a murder takes place at a comedy club, it's up to twelve comedians to work together and solve the case! With a star-studded cast and a story penned by famous author, you won't want to miss it!
When a Palace collapses, new paths in Mementos will be unlocked, allowing you to explore deeper areas.
When a Shadow is defeated, the damage dealt by all Phantom Thieves increases by 25%.\nStacks up to 2 times.
When a Strategist uses a buff skill, all allies gain Yang Energy. When a Saboteur uses a debuff skill, all allies gain Yin Energy.
When a struggling young samurai discovers a sack filled with a fortune in gold coins, he can't believe his luck... but little does he know that it belongs to a wicked noble, and he's sent his top ninja to retrieve it at all costs.
When a student at a prestigious high school is threatened to be expelled by the vice principal, he meets a mysterious blind agent who teaches him that you can't always trust what you see... Their mission? To sniff out aliens in disguise through the power of scent!
When affected by Mental Interference, there may be strange effects on your vision. Be careful.
When all of Dvesha's parts are revived, its healing effect is increased.
When allies activate a Highlight, all allies obtain 1 Mark of Augmentation.\nMark of Augmentation: Increases Attack by 30%. Lasts for 2 turns. Stacks up to 3 times.
When allies deal weakness damage, they gain 4 Charge Field stacks. When allies gain a shield, they gain 1 Charge Field stack.\nCharge Field: Final damage is increased by 5%. Lasts for 1 turn. Stacks up to 8 times.
When allies gain a shield, they also gain Charge Field. Allies can also gain Charge Field when they deal weakness damage.\nCharge Field: Final damage is increased by 5%. Lasts for 2 turns. Stacks up to 8 times.
When an AI idol with a faulty sound chip is ridiculed during a livestream, she goes haywire, and starts hacking the people who mocked her! Word of her shocking misdeeds quickly spread across the net, sparking an online revolution and earning her the nickname, "Croaker."
When an ally deals damage with a skill, Resonance, or Highlight, grant user 1 corresponding Attribute Seal.
When an ally deals damage with a skill, they gain 1 Attribute Seal. When the total number of Attribute Seals reaches 7, spend all Attribute Seals and activate Starfall.\nStarfall: Deals 7 hits of Almighty damage to random foes. Repeated hits on the same foe deal less damage.
When an ally deals damage, Futaba has a chance to gain 1 Clue, increasing the attack power of all allies.
When an ally spends HP to use a skill, they obtain 4 stacks of Blood's Grace. When allies activate a Highlight, all allies get 2 stacks of Blood's Grace. Lose 1 stack of Blood's Grace at the end of each turn.
When an ally spends HP to use a skill, they obtain a stack of Sacrificial Blessing.\nSacrificial Blessing: Final damage increases by 40%.
When an enemy comes near, you can ambush them.
When an enemy first takes damage, decrease their Defense by 25%. Lasts for 2 turns.
When any ally runs out of ammo, fully reload after 1 turn.
When any ally runs out of ammo, fully reload after 2 turns.
When are they going\nto catch him?
When attacking an enemy below 40% HP, deal an additional 3% damage.
When attacking with an active skill, inflict Bleed and deal 10% damage, up to a maximum of 2000 HP.
When attacking, damage is increased based on number of debuffs the target has.
When attacking, increases Attack or Healing based on current amount of buffs.
When Avidya activates Selfless Devotion, 2 allies are selected at the same time, and their self-destruct damage is greatly increased.
When Avidya uses Work Order, summon 2 additional Corporobo MDL-AM and Corporobo MDL-DM.
When brainwashed, damage dealt becomes normal attack damage.
When Cheerleaders are present, all of Shadow Kiuchi's affinities change to Resist.
When cooking, there is a chance some ingredients will be returned.
When crafting battle items, there is a chance some materials will be returned.
When crafting infiltration tools, gifts, or materials, there is a chance some materials will be returned.
When dealing damage with a Resonance, inflict 1 Magnetic Interference stack on target. When healing an ally with a skill, inflict 1 Magnetic Interference stack on a random foe.\nAlso gain effects from Stable Domain during battle.\nStable Domain: Allies cannot deal critical hits. Final damage is based on critical rate and critical damage.
When dealing damage with Resonance, healing allies with Resonance, or when health is used to activate a skill, all allies gain 1 stack of Mental Link.\nMental Link: Attack increases by 10% for each stack. Lasts for 2 turns. Stacks up to 8 times.
When dealing damage with Resonance, obtain Wild Fury.\nWild Fury: Final damage increases by 20%. Lasts for 2 turns. Stacks up to 2 times.
When decreasing a foe's Defense, increases an ally Phantom Thief's Defense by 7%. Can be stacked up to 3 times. Lasts for 2 turns.
When decreasing a foe's Defense, increases damage taken by 8%. Lasts for 2 turns.
When decreasing a foe's Defense, permanently decreases Defense by 4%. Can be stacked up to 5 times.
When defeating a Shocked foe, heal 35% HP
When Dvesha's Eye is defeated, the other parts will be strengthened.
When Dvesha's Nose is present, all of Dvesha's Mouth's affinities change from Resist to Null.
When enemies' Defense is decreased, increase damage taken by 8%. Lasts for 2 turns.
When entering the screen, restore 15% HP.
When exiting the screen, Attack is permanently increased by 15%.
When foes take Critical hits, Defense down
When fusing a 2\u2605 or 3\u2605 Persona of Rank 4 or lower, there is a chance you will receive an extra Seal.
When fusing a new Persona, some skills from the component Personas may be inherited by the new one.\nThe skills that can be inherited vary for each Persona.
When he's in the gaming zone, Kitazato's personality seems to undergo a frightening transformation... He's now asked me to help him with some kind of experiment, but I have no idea what that could mean...
When her HP is high, she gains increased Attack. She can improve her survivability while also strengthening her offensive capability.
When HP is above 70%, increase Attack and Defense.
When I meet Sakai again, she's finally found the courage to perform in public. She pulls it off smoothly, and her tone is clear... but it seems that she couldn't catch anyone's attention. This leaves Sakai terribly shocked.
When I met up with Ayaka this time, she seemed to be feeling down again. She told me her former bandmate has now given up on music altogether. Is there anything I can do to cheer Ayaka up?
When I talk to you, it's like going back to my younger days... Huh? Shut up! You're totally harshing my vibe... Just kidding.
When it comes to Take-kun, I just can't turn a blind eye...
When its guards are present, all of Irshya's affinities change from Resist to Null.
When Kiuchi saw the calling card, he stormed away from the station in a rage.
When Lufel explained to Motoha about the Phantom Thieves and their plan to change Kiuchi's heart, she agreed to join us without hesitation.
When Moha uses Wing Blast, 1 additional foe will be Marked, increasing their damage taken by 25%.
When Morgana unlocked a sealed room meant only for Madarame, they found multiple counterfeit copies of "Sayuri". As the doors in the real world unlocked, the closed doors in the Palace changed...
When nothing changes, people will soon grow bored... But as the sun rises in the east, new opportunities quietly arrive.
When one can truly understand their own heart and know the place where they belong, they will find what it is they've been looking for.
When Oumitsunu takes damage from a skill, Highlight, or Resonance, the damage of the corresponding attribute increases by 6%.\nLasts for 3 turns. Stacks up to 8 times.
When party makes ranged attacks, increase Gun damage by 10%.
When party makes ranged attacks, increase Gun damage by an additional 10%.
When preparing, the number of foes targeted by Lock On increases to 2.
When Resonance deals damage, gain Wild Fury. Wild Fury: Increase final damage by 20% for 2 turns. Stacks up to 2 times.
When Riddle inflicts a debuff on a foe with Treasure Hunt Mark, it gains 1 Hint. Each stack decreases Defense by 4%.
When salesman Tatsuhiko's father is murdered and his family heirloom is stolen, a fateful encounter leads him to team up with swordsmith Ryu. Together, the two rise up to confront the despicable corporation with blades drawn.
When Seiji uses a skill, he has a chance to gain a stack of Encouragement. Increases his Attack and Speed by a set amount.
When selecting Charms after battle, gain 1 free refresh.
When selecting Charms after battle, you will have 1 additional option.
When startled or wary, their fluffy bodies have a habit of shrinking, which can be very cute.\nObtainable from a Zoshigaya-exclusive capsule machine.
When the enemy's Defense decreases, increase Phantom Thieves' Defense by 7%. Stacks up to 3 times. Each stack is calculated individually. Lasts for 2 turns.
When the enemy's Defense decreases, permanently increase Phantom Thieves' Defense by 4%. Stacks up to 5 times.
When the path is lost beneath entangled desires, the light of reason can cut through the fog and dispel the shadows.
When the protagonist fell asleep on top of his bed, he awoke to find himself in a mysterious space called "The Velvet Room".
When the spring arrives, the greenery returns of its own accord. At the end of the journey, the heart will be at peace.
When the trap is activated, spikes will shoot up from the ground.
When the valley of a monkey tribe is threatened by an evil leopard, one young monkey must rise up and master the ways of kung fu. Will the monkey be able to put a stop to the spotted menace and restore peace to the land?
When the Wraith of Envy is Weakened, its damage taken is increased by 40% instead of 100%. Its max HP is increased by 80%.
When the Wraith of Envy is Weakened, its damage taken is increased by 60% instead of 100%. Its max HP is increased by 50%.
When the Wraith of Envy is Weakened, its damage taken is increased by 80% instead of 100%. Its max HP is increased by 20%.
When the Wraith of Envy locks on to a target, its Attack increases by 10%, and the target's damage taken increases by 10%.
When the Wraith of Envy locks on to a target, its Attack increases by 20%, and the target's damage taken increases by 25%.
When the Wraith of Envy locks on to a target, its Attack increases by 30%, and the target's damage taken increases by 40%.
When the Wraith of Envy's Eye is destroyed, it will be revived in 2 turns instead of 3. The Eye's max HP is increased by 40%.
When the Wraith of Envy's Eye is destroyed, it will be revived in 2 turns instead of 3. The Eye's max HP is increased by 50%.
When they arrived at school, they found that it had been transofrmed into a castle-like building straight out of a fairy tale. Upon entering the building, they were immediately surrounded by strange monsters in armor...
When using a skill or Resonance, gain 1 Seal of Power stack.\nIncrease party's final damage by 15% for each stack, and lose 1 stack after attacking. Stacks up to 3 times.\nAlso gain effects from Stable Domain during battle.\nStable Domain: Allies cannot deal critical hits. Final damage is based on critical rate and critical damage.
When we're alone together, Ayaka finally works up the courage to sing for the first time while she plays guitar. She has a beautiful voice, and I want to help her overcome her lack of confidence...
when when when when whne nwhe nhwehn
When will Heritage\nKitchen reopen?
When will I ever\nwin first prize?
When will that shop\nin Zoshigaya reopen?
When you have Mental Energy, you can use mind control.
When you least\nexpect it...
When you work part-time, you may get a boost to a social stat.
When you work part-time, you will get a bigger social stat boost.
When your level increases, your stats will also increase.\nWhen you reach a certain level, you can unlock your hidden ability and enhance hidden ability skills, which increase your stats even further.\nThe level cap is based on Wonder's own level.
When your Visitor Level increases, you can earn P Medals, and at certain levels you will unlock special events with your accomplices.
Whenever allies take damage, that ally's damage increases by 1%. Lasts for 3 turns. Stacks up to 80 times.
Whenever allies take damage, that ally's damage increases by 4%. Lasts for 3 turns. Stacks up to 10 times.
Whenever an ally deals Ice damage while Shun Kano is on the field, decrease target's Defense and inflict 1 Freezing Point stack. When the foe reaches 10 Freezing Point stacks, inflict Absolute Zero.
Whenever I see that kid, I just feel like cheering him on. He's just so much like me when I was younger, I guess.
Where are you?
where do they film this? i want to see it live!
Where do you get your\nhair cut?
Where do you shop?
Where should I get\na part-time job?
Where should we go\nafter school today?
Whether the future is good or ill, accepting all of your imperfections is the only way to move forward.
Whew, I'm up to my neck in new orders, but they're so big and heavy I can hardly budge 'em! You know anybody who's good at focused attacks? I figure someone like that could help me get this merchandise movin'.
Which is Real?
Which One?
Which shop should\nI go to today?
While discussing the flavor of the ramen outside the restaurant, you were approached by Shun Kano, a student who goes to your school.
While discussing the song that Sakai is working on, she comes to realize why she was so drawn to the world of music in the first place: it allows her to boldly express emotions that she can't normally put into words herself. This is the reason why she's writing her song.
While eating a special curry ramen set at a ramen shop in Ogikubo, Shun is astounded by the uncompromising effort that went into the harmony of the dish, and recalls some memories from his childhood.
While eating at Heritage Kitchen, you heard about Ms. Katayama's school days from Yamagoshi and Masa.
While eating at Victory Kitchen, Masa told you about the feud between Miyazawa and Shun.
While exploring the underground shopping district with Haruna Nishimori and her friends, we unexpectedly ran into her old playmate.
While holding this Lost Item, unknown changes will occur when you complete specific actions.
While Horn of War is active, all allies will counterattack. Red Rider's counterattack damage is increased by 50%, and its Attack is increased by 40%.
While Horn of War is active, counterattack damage is increased by 50%, and Red Rider's Attack is increased by 25%.
While its above-average weight causes slower acceleration compared to other tanks, its strongest weapon is the power to push forward in any terrain.\nObtainable at capsule machines around the city.
While passing by a bar in Shibuya, I met a young woman who works there. But then I was caught in a "sudden downpour"...
While playing the declining Harvest World Online, I met a girl with deep pockets named Yui.
While talking with Shiina about her latest mocktail, the man who harassed her in the past shows up at the bar and starts criticizing her bartending. I help chase him off, but if we don't do something about him, Shiina's desires will be stolen again. I won't let that happen a second time.
While tending to the field, Yui begins to open up. She seems to have a lot on her mind.
While traversing the desert with Oracle, the Phantom Thieves arrived at a pyramid, where they once again encountered Queen and Fox.\nWhile delighted at the reunion, it seems other allies are still unaccounted for.
While we were talking about Big Bang Burger, Motoha realized that this chain doesn't seem to exist in our world...
While we were walking to school...\nSomething strange happened.
While we're away...
While working a shift at the drugstore, Tomoko and I met the famous figure skater, Kotone Montagne.
While working at the book store in Shibuya, Tomoko thinks back to her baseball days, and tries to come up with a way to help Kotone remember the fans who have supported her.
While working part-time at an accessory shop, Tomoko opened up to me about her anxieties.
While your Protagonist's level is below the server's base level, you can get Level 3 Rank Boost Rewards for each Daily Pass cleared.
While your Protagonist's level is below the server's base level, you can get Level 4 Rank Boost Rewards for each Daily Pass cleared.
While your Protagonist's level is significantly below the server's base level, you can get Level 5 Rank Boost Rewards for each Daily Pass cleared.
While your Protagonist's level is significantly below the server's base level, you can get Level 6 Rank Boost Rewards for each Daily Pass cleared.
While your Protagonist's level is slightly below the server's base level, you can get Level 1 Rank Boost Rewards for each Daily Pass cleared.
While your Protagonist's level is slightly below the server's base level, you can get Level 2 Rank Boost Rewards for each Daily Pass cleared.
Whirlwinds
Whisper
White
White & Blue Layers
White & Brown Sneakers
White Athleisure Outfit
White Beanie
White Butterfly Koi
White Cotton Pants
White Crucian Carp Manual
White Cuffed Pants
White Holiday Outfit
White Leather Shoes
White Linen Shirt
White lotus flowers bloom out of the mud. Seedlings buried too long in the darkness always yearn for the sky.
White Nylon Gloves
White Owl Tech Bag
White Scene
White Slacks
White Sneakers
White Street Outfit
White Striped Cargo Pants
White Tech Bag
Who was that person running around late at night?
Who would do\nsuch a thing?\nThat's terrible.
Who would want to go\nup against a gourmet\nfood critic?
Whoa
Whoa! Someone broke\nthe record at the\nbatting cages?
Whoa! Who can afford\nto spend this much\non clothes?
Whoa, calm down.
Whoever first tried\nfermenting...
Why are you\nalways late?
Why aren't you\nanswering the phone?
Why do I have to\nfill in this\ndumb form?
Why do I have to\nstudy so much?
Why doesn't that\ngirl with the guitar\nsell CDs?
Why hasn't he\nbeen arrested?
Why hasn't she\nbeen scouted?
Why haven't you\nbeen texting me\nlately...?
Why isn't the mascot\na cat?
Why not try your luck?
Why would a baseball\nplayer do something\nlike that...?
Why would someone\nslam into people?\nIt's so scary.
Wick
Wild greasy grouper. Although small, it is rich in nutrients and is considered a delicacy of the sea.
Wild Illusions
Wilderness
Will our challenger be able to make use of this new item?
Win within 33 actions,Win within 26 actions,Win within 20 actions
Win within 39 actions,Win within 33 actions,Win within 26 actions
Win within 39 actions,Win within 33 actions,Win within 26 actions
Win within 42 actions,Win within 36 actions,Win within 30 actions
Win within 80 turns
Wind
Wind and Electricity 101
Wind Damage Taken
Wind Formation
Wind Is Your Name
Wind Mult. +
Wind-Cursed Door
Wind/Ice
Window Mode
Window,Full Screen,Borderless
Window: Shows in a window.\nFullscreen: Uses the full display.\nBorderless: Similar to fullscreen but the cursor can move off-screen.
Winning Ticket
Winter Forest
Winter Melon Tea
Winter Owls
Wireless Gamepad
Wisdom
wish i could cheer him on live
wish i could've seen it live
Wish Line
With 10 stacks of Freezing Point, foe gains Absolute Zero, permanently reducing Defense.
With a healthy environment and proper care, vibrant new life will be able to sprout.
With All Our Effort
With business complexes, shopping centers, and red-light districts, there's something for everyone in Shinjuku.\nOnce referred to as a city that never sleeps.
With every 10 contracts, you are guaranteed to obtain one or more 4\u2605 Phantom Thief.
With every turn, the intensity of the boss's attacks will increase, as will your point gain rate.
With great views of Tokyo Bay, this is both a relaxing spot for locals and a sightseeing area for tourists.
With her confidence restored, Shiina gets to work practicing cocktail mixing for the competition. Eventually, after she's had a few too many, she opens up to me...
With Joker's return, all allies had finally assembled.\nThe Phantom Thieves set out once more in pursuit of the Core.
With Joker's return, all allies have finally assembled.\nThe Phantom Thieves set out once more in pursuit of the Core.
With no other teachers coming to her side, Ms. Katayama had no choice but to accept the punishment.
With our calling card sent to Miyazawa, all the preparations are in order. It's only a matter of time before the big showdown...
With Popups
With some quality training under her belt, Motoha makes her return to the batting cages, where she encounters Tamayo Yoshida, an old rival from her baseball days. Tamayo challenges Motoha to a batting contest.
With staff in hand, he protects his steadfast beliefs and demonstrates his own sense of justice.
With the Daybreak
With the help of your allies, you were able to defeat them, but unfortunately you couldn't locate the next Palace.
With their unique characteristics and personalities, these tanks fight to the absolute limit of their abilities in an ever-changing war zone. Who will dominate the battlefield?
Within the dam-like Palace, the Phantom Thieves encounter a suspicious figure. Motoha thinks they bear a striking resemblance to Kei Akashi...
Within the Hidden Rooms
Without giving her a chance to defend herself, Mr. Yamanashi condemned her and ordered her to be suspended.
Without Miyazawa's\nreviews, I dunno\nwhat to eat...
Won't you die for me?
Wonder and Joker crossing paths in Persona5: The Phantom X.
Wonder and Joker's confrontation in Persona5: The Phantom X.
Wonder can equip multiple different Personas.\nChoose them carefully according to the attributes and roles of your other teammates.
Wonder has the unique potential to possess multiple Personas, and can equip up to 3 of them.
Wonder if there's\nanything good on\nTV tonight.
Wonder if there's\nanything new on\nDivine Justice.
Wonder Visual
Wonder's Phantom Thief Attire
Wooden Barriers
Wooden Board
Wooden Board Mission Cleared
Wooden Board Mission Start
Words of Bonds
Words of Bonds I
Words of Bonds II
Words of Bonds III
Words of Bonds IV
Words of Bonds V
Words of Bonds VI
Words of Feuds
Words of Feuds I
Words of Feuds II
Words of Feuds III
Words of Feuds IV
Words of Feuds V
Words of Feuds VI
Words of Harmony
Words of Harmony I
Words of Harmony II
Words of Harmony III
Words of Harmony IV
Words of Harmony V
Words of Harmony VI
Words of Indolence I
Words of Indolence II
Words of Indolence III
Words of Indolence IV
Words of Indolence V
Words of Indolence VI
Words of Instincts I
Words of Instincts II
Words of Instincts III
Words of Instincts IV
Words of Instincts V
Words of Instincts VI
Words of Life
Words of Life I
Words of Life II
Words of Life III
Words of Life IV
Words of Life V
Words of Life VI
Words of Monarchy I
Words of Monarchy II
Words of Monarchy III
Words of Monarchy IV
Words of Monarchy V
Words of Monarchy VI
Words of Nature
Words of Nature I
Words of Nature II
Words of Nature III
Words of Nature IV
Words of Nature V
Words of Nature VI
Words of Pleasure
Words of Pleasure I
Words of Pleasure II
Words of Pleasure III
Words of Pleasure IV
Words of Pleasure V
Words of Pleasure VI
Words of Ruling
Words of Ruling I
Words of Ruling II
Words of Ruling III
Words of Ruling IV
Words of Ruling V
Words of Ruling VI
Words of Serenity
Words of Serenity I
Words of Serenity II
Words of Serenity III
Words of Serenity IV
Words of Serenity V
Words of Serenity VI
Work
Work a part-time job
Work at Heritage Kitchen
Work at the beef bowl shop
Work at the bookstore
Work at the convenience store
Work at the cr\xeape shop
Work at the drugstore
Work at the flower shop
Work at the fried food store
Work Out
Workbench
Working together to beat back the Shadows, the Phantom Thieves fought their way to the underground prison.\nThere, they came across a lost teammate confined to a cell.
Works
Works: Moon
Works: Sky
Works: Star
Works: Sun
Worldly Cup Noodle Set
Worry
Worry: Moon
Worry: Sky
Worry: Star
Worry: Sun
Worth a shot.
Would anyone really\nslam into people\non purpose?
would buy
Would ya look at that. Another secret entrance! That Treasure Demon, though, don't seem to care none 'bout that rubber ball no more. It's askin' for something rectangular and flat... I'm stumped for ideas on what that could be\u2014how 'bout you?
wow u guys r cold
Wow, it looks really\ndelicious in\nthe photo.
Wraith of Envy
Wrist Weights
wtf is this contestant a human? is that even allowed
Xiaomi
Y'all ain't gonna believe this, but I saw somethin' real shiny and rare the other day! Now, you can just imagine my heartbreak when I lost sight of it while I was tendin' to my business... But I reckon I'd like to try huntin' it down again. Don't s'pose you know anybody good at supportin' others who could lend me a hand, do ya?
Y'all ever heard of a shadow named Alice? That poor young girl's always by her lonesome. Seems to me she could sure use a friend. Reckon you know anyone who could keep her company?
Y'all won't believe this\u2014I found a spot loaded with rare items! But, wouldn't ya figure, it's swarmin' with Shadows. If you know anyone who's good at fightin' in a team, they'd be just the ticket!
Yamashiro Boss Battle
Yamashiro Garden
Yanqi Sun
Yaoling
Yaoling and I browsed the stores of Jinbocho, and she found many things that took her fancy.
Yaoling and I happened to see her neighbor, Yukimi Fujikawa, being berated by her mother. Yukimi looked pretty upset...
Yaoling and I headed to the cultural hub of Harajuku. She was amazed by everything there from fashion to food.
Yaoling and I invited Yukimi on a trip to Asakusa to cheer up Yukimi, We all had a great time, and Yukimi said she wanted to return the favor.
Yaoling Awakening Set
Yaoling can lower the Defense of all enemies. She works well with Yusuke, a Sweeper who can attack all enemies at once.
Yaoling cut-in that displays\nduring an All-Out Attack.
Yaoling cut-in that\ndisplays during battle.
Yaoling felt bad about potentially hurting Yukimi's feelings, and planned to invite her out to tea again to make up with her.
Yaoling had long been wondering what was the purpose of her exchange in Japan, but it seems that she finally found her answer.
Yaoling heads to Jinbocho to browse the countless secondhand bookstores that line its streets. Surprised to see so few students there, she wonders if Japanese students also feel a lack of purpose in their studies.
Yaoling introduces Yukimi to a different tea-drinking experience, with a unique combination of teas and snacks. Through it, she conveys the importance of finding what's right for you as opposed to strictly adhering to tradition.
Yaoling is a Saboteur who can lower the enemy's Defense, and increase the whole party's Damage Dealt. She also has powerful attacks herself, and can even inflict Forget on enemies, making her useful in a variety of situations.
Yaoling Li
Yaoling made a difficult request to the staff at Yukimi's favorite restaurant, and struggled to understand Yukimi's perspective.
Yaoling pays a visit to the fashion hotspot of Harajuku. Admiring how the young people express themselves through fashion, she begins to contemplate what her core values are.
Yaoling Transformation Tile
Yaoling wants to make things up to Yukimi somehow. Realizing that she was only causing her more trouble, Yaoling hopes to better explain herself, and invites Yukimi out to another tea party, this time from her own culture.
Yaoling's Skills
Yeah, bars can be pretty intimidating, can't they? A lot of people say they're nervous about coming in. But I'd like it to be a place where people feel welcome anytime! That's why I've been practicing mocktails, you know?
Yeah, I was a pretty big star when I was younger! Even worked as a stylist, you know! And I'm still majorly picky when it comes to fashion.
Yeah. But you know\nwhat he said after?
Yellow Athleisure Outfit
Yes! They finally\ngot him!
Yin-Yang Energy
Yokohama
Yongen-Jaya
Yongen-Jaya (Night) (Story)
Yongen-Jaya Movie Theater
Yongen-Jaya Movie Theater Passageway
You also have to be patient.
You amuse me. Step forward, and I shall fight you with all my might...
You and Lufel agreed, and decided to deliver the calling card to Kiuchi.
You became a member of Kokatsu Academy's band club!\nPractice hard and show off the fruits of your labor!
You became a member of Kokatsu Academy's soccer team!\nJoin practice and strengthen the team.
You By My Side
You can activate a support skill by tapping your teammate's icon on the bottom right.\nAfter using a skill, it will enter cooldown, and can be activated again once the cooldown is complete.
You can also absorb robots' energy with the\nEnergy Collector and use it to power\ncorresponding devices.
You can become soulmates with Ayaka.
You can become soulmates with Kotone.
You can become soulmates with Miyu.
You can become soulmates with Motoha.
You can become soulmates with Riko.
You can become soulmates with Runa.
You can become soulmates with Tomoko.
You can become soulmates with Yaoling.
You can become soulmates with Yumi.
You can buy more Assam Tea at the Shinjuku Convenience Store
You can buy new clothes at the clothing store in Shibuya Station Underground Mall.
You can buy new clothes at the luxury clothing store in Shibuya Station Underground Mall.
You can challenge a new difficulty level in Batting Practice, and new prizes will be available at the Batting Points Shop
You can check all the collection items available in the Thieves Den.
You can complete long notes without lifting your finger
You can cook even more Chinese cuisine recipes
You can cook even more Chinese cuisine recipes.
You can cook even more recipes
You can cook even more recipes.
You can cook more Chinese cuisine recipes
You can cook more Chinese cuisine recipes.
You can cook more recipes
You can cook more recipes.
You can craft even more battle items
You can craft even more battle items.
You can craft infiltration tools at the workbench.
You can craft more battle items
You can craft more battle items.
you can do it! we're rooting for you!
You can easily play using various input methods.\nIn RPG mode, you can use a gamepad or a keyboard and mouse.
You can gain Assist Rewards by supporting other players' battles or defeating enemies with other players' help. These points can be exchanged for rewards.
You can gain helpful buffs and items to give you an advantage in the Control Center.
You can insta-kill low-level Shadows in Palaces or Mementos
You can insta-kill low-level Shadows in Palaces or Mementos.
You can make it if you run!
You can now craft infiltration tools
You can now craft infiltration tools.
You can now craft more Treasure Detectors, infiltration tools, and gifts
You can now craft more Treasure Detectors, infiltration tools, and gifts.
You can now fuse Anubis
You can now fuse Anubis.
You can now fuse Archangel
You can now fuse Archangel.
You can now fuse Kohryu
You can now fuse Kohryu.
You can now fuse Narcissus
You can now fuse Narcissus.
You can now fuse Okuninushi
You can now fuse Okuninushi.
You can now fuse Setanta
You can now fuse Setanta.
You can now sign Contracts.
You can now use Third Eye at the fishing pond
You can now use Third Eye at the fishing pond.
You can now use your Third Eye during Batting Practice.
You can now work at the bookstore in Shinjuku
You can now work at the bookstore in Shinjuku.
You can now work at the cr\xeape shop in Shibuya
You can now work at the cr\xeape shop in Shibuya.
You can now work at the drugstore in Shibuya
You can now work at the drugstore in Shibuya.
You can now work at various part-time jobs.
You can obtain powerful Phantom Thieves by drawing Contracts.
You can sign contracts to recruit more Phantom Idols
You can start a relationship with the accomplice.
You can use a Prayer Magatama to fully restore HP to all party members.
You can use decorative ingredients to fulfill customers' orders.\nKeep your customers satisfied.
You can use syrup to fulfill customers' orders.\nTry to keep up with demand.
You can use your Third Eye during Batting Practice
You cannot have two Phantom Thieves with the same role
You could perform on a professional stage. You found yourself in the music and added some special touches.
You dare dispute the weighing of your soul!?
You don't need to change.
You feel like someone calls you name, but when you turn around, no one is there. Perhaps it's a resident of another world, calling out to you.
You fled the shop along with Shun, but at that moment, Shun activated the Metaverse Navigator.
You free afterwards?
You free right now?
You free today?
You get the book "All About First Aid"
You get the book "All About First Aid."
You get the book "Analysis of Film"
You get the book "Analysis of Film."
You get the book "MUSCLES!"
You get the book "Quick Relaxation Methods"
You get the book "Quick Relaxation Methods."
You get the book "Secret Librarian Skills."
You got a moment?
you got this!!!
YOU GOT THIS!!!!!!!!
You have a 50% chance of mixing an extra drink (only applies to marked drinks)
You have a 50% chance of mixing an extra drink (only applies to recipes taught by Yumi Shiina)
You have a 50% chance of mixing an extra drink (only applies to recipes taught by Yumi Shiina)
You have an increased chance of cooking delicious dishes.
You have to trust him.
You headed to a new area of Mementos, where you were attacked by an enemy you defeated once before.
You headed to Yongen-Jaya with Lufel to secure a workbench to use.
You know Setanta, right? That Shadow in the tough-lookin' armor... Yeah, that one. Well, he's set up camp by the side of the road and won't let nobody through. If you got any friends who know how to pack a punch, I'd appreciate if you could ask them to get him out of my hair.
You learn more drink recipes
You may get a boost to a social stat when working part-time
You may get back some materials after crafting battle items
You may get extra when harvesting plants
You may get extra when harvesting plants.
You may obtain seeds when harvesting plants
You may obtain seeds when harvesting plants.
You may produce an extra item when crafting gifts
You may produce an extra item when crafting gifts.
You may produce an extra serving after cooking
You may produce an extra serving after cooking.
You may receive an extra seal when fusing a 2\u2605 or 3\u2605 Persona of Rank 4 or lower
You met a strange, long-nosed old man who called himself Igor, along with his assistant, Merope...
You met with your teammates on the rooftop, and after considering what happened at Katayama's Palace, decided to investigate Akashi.
You need less time to grow plants
You need less time to grow plants.
You need much less time to grow plants
You need much less time to grow plants.
You ready?
You said your goodbyes to Riko when you arrived at school, and then Motoha remembered there was a school-wide assembly in the gym.
You should bet on your dreams.
You should decide for yourself.
You shouldn't ask a lady that!
You struggled to process all of the unusual events of the past day, but this was really just the beginning...
You suddenly felt tired in the classroom and fell asleep. You awakened to find yourself in a mysterious space that seemed to be an undersea tunnel.
You take the train\nto school, right?
You unlock a new Fishing Pond
You unlock a new Fishing Pond.
You unlock more flower pots and planters
You unlock more flower pots and planters.
You unlock the song "Seize the Light"
You unlock the song "Wonder Light"
You unlocked new clothes at the boutique in Shibuya Station Underground Mall
You unlocked new clothes at the clothing store in Shibuya Station Underground Mall
You unlocked the Expensive Sushi Shop. Invite someone there to increase your Synergy by 25%
You unlocked the Jazz Bar. Invite someone there to increase your Synergy by 25%
You unlocked the Museum. Invite someone there to increase your Synergy by 25%
You unlocked the Planetarium. Invite someone there to increase your Synergy by 25%.
You unlocked the Skytree Panorama Restaurant. Invite someone there to increase your Synergy by 25%
You want to know more about me? Well... I am who I am! What you see is what you get! If you don't believe me, just look for yourself!
You watch movies on\nstreaming services?
You were unable to find the next Palace in Mementos, and returned to the real world, where you happened to meet Shun.
You will encounter enemies as you move forward. Work together as a team to defeat them and claim the final treasure.
You will encounter enemies as you move forward. Work together as a team to defeat them and claim the final treasure.
You will encounter enemies as you move forward.\nWork together as a team to defeat them\nand claim the final treasure.
You will get a bigger social stat boost when working part-time
You will now earn a reward the next time you help someone through City Life.
You will now earn more Affinity the next two times a Phantom Thief invites you through City Life.
You will now earn more money the next three times you work part-time through City Life.
You will now earn more money when you work part-time at Heritage Kitchen in Zoshigaya.
You will now earn more money when you work part-time at Hinokuniya book store in Shinjuku.
You will now earn more money when you work part-time at the beef bowl restaurant in Shibuya.
You will now earn more money when you work part-time at the convenience store in Shibuya.
You will now earn more money when you work part-time at the drugstore in Shibuya.
You will now earn more money when you work part-time at the flower shop in Shibuya Station Underground Mall.
You will now earn more money when you work part-time at the fried food shop in Kichijoji.
You will now earn more money when you work part-time at the sweets shop in Shibuya.
You will now earn more of a certain social stat when you go to the bathhouse.
You will now earn more of a certain social stat when you train at the gym.
You will now earn more of a certain social stat when you watch a movie.
You will now earn more of a certain social stat when you work part-time.
You will now earn more plants the next three times you harvest plants.
You will now earn more rewards the next time you clear Alluring Aroma or Gear Forging.
You will now earn more rewards the next time you clear Enlightenment or Pursuit of Wealth.
You will now earn more rewards the next time you clear Pursuit of Honor, Pursuit of Parts, or Pursuit of Persona.
You will now earn more rewards the next time you obtain a Persona in the Realm of Repression.
You will now earn more social stats the next four times you increase your Proficiency through City Life.
You will now earn more social stats the next three times you answer a question in class.
You will now earn more social stats the next three times you study, play games, or clean through City Life at home.
You will now earn more social stats the next time you increase them through City Life.
You will now earn more social stats the next two times you increase them through City Life after school.
You will now earn more social stats the next two times you increase them through City Life in the evening.
You will now earn more social stats the next two times you increase them through City Life.
You will now earn more social stats the next two times you train at the gym through City Life.
You will now earn more social stats when you work part-time.
You will now earn more Synergy the next three times an accomplice invites you though City Life.
You will now earn slightly more items the next four times you craft items at the workbench.
You will now have more luck getting rare capsules from capsule machines.
You witnessed a shocking scene from the train platform, but something wasn't right about the reactions from those around you.
You won't believe this!
You won't believe this...
You'll have to pass if you do not have any cards you can play.\nIf all players pass, the round will end.
You're in the Spotlight
You're so close! Stay strong!
You're so right!
You're very responsible\nfor your age
You're Your Own Worst Enemy
You've gotten\npretty strong!
You've unlocked the Expensive Sushi Shop. Invite someone there to increase your Synergy by 25%.
You've unlocked the Jazz Bar. Invite someone there to increase your Synergy by 25%.
You've unlocked the Museum. Invite someone there to increase your Synergy by 25%.
You've unlocked the Panorama Restaurant. Invite someone there to increase your Synergy by 25%.
You've unlocked the Planetarium. Invite someone there to increase your Synergy by 25%.
Youlinji
Your Answer
Your blood shall soak my blade!
Your chance of cooking delicious dishes increases
Your chance of mixing delicious drinks increases (only applies to marked drinks)
Your chance of mixing delicious drinks increases (only applies to recipes taught by Yumi Shiina)
Your choice
Your classmate Motoha Arai told you the latest rumors about Divine Justice, a website that collects information on Menaces.
Your current star level in the Velvet Trials is %s.\nYour % day(s) of unclaimed rewards have been delivered to you via this message.
Your fingers masterfully dance across the strings, perfectly conveying the emotions hidden within the song.
Your growth has been\nmost astounding
Your health is important.
Your jaw-dropping technique is proof that you are the Beast of Band Club.
Your journey begins. Let curiosity guide you.
Your mocktail-mixing skills are getting better every day... I can't let myself lose! The apprentice must not surpass the master! Just you wait, my next drink is going to knock your socks off!
Your requested capsule trade for %s was completed. %s has traded for your %s. The capsule has been delivered to you via this message.
Your skills have transcended the limits of earthly bounds. You have conquered music.
Your voice echoes alone through the dense fog. Away from the clamor of the world outside, uncover your inner truths, and your heart will come to know its true form.
Yoyogi Park
Yoyogi Park: Small City Park
Yui
YUI
Yui found that I had resolved the pest problem and saved the potato plants. This seemed to raise her spirits and encourage her to keep doing her best.
Yui is energetically plowing the field. She seems to be back to her old self.
Yui Makino
Yui Ogura
Yui quickly turned the wild fields into prime farmland. After some discussion, the two decided to plant potatoes.
Yui seems to be free of her worries. She has found a new goal for herself in the virtual world.
Yui's hometown.
Yui's Room
Yui's Skills
Yui's Virtual World: Farm
Yui's Virtual World: Road
Yui's Virtual World: Snowy Mountain
Yui's Virtual World: Yui's Room
Yukari Tamura
Yukimi
Yukimi and Miyu can grant Yusuke a shield and increased defense power, improving his survivability. This also extends the duration of his damage boost effect from his Awakening skill. This party combination has excellent attack power and endurance.
Yukimi cut-in that displays\nduring an All-Out Attack.
Yukimi cut-in that\ndisplays during battle.
Yukimi Fujikawa dreams of becoming a lawyer.
Yukimi is a Guardian who specializes in protecting individual allies. She can provide shields, damage reduction and increased Defense to a single ally.
Yukimi Transformation Tile
Yukimi-san seems like she's really been held back by always following the rules, like she can't express herself... Me, on the other hand, I just do whatever I want... Eh, maybe "I'm free-spirited" sounds better?
Yumenoshima
Yumi
Yumi Hara
Yumi Shiina
Yumi specializes in granting buffs to the entire party. She can also increase the effectiveness of specific damage attributes, so if you include multiple Phantom Thieves with the same attribute in the party, Phoebe's buffs will be maximized.
Yumi's Skills
Yummy
Yurlungr's Rampage
Yusuke Kobayashi
Yusuke moved out of the school dorms and, with nowhere else to go, temporarily stayed at Leblanc with the protagonist. The Phantom Thieves decided to throw a party to celebrate Madarame's change of heart...
Yusuke was a pupil of the famous Japanese painter, Ichiryusai Madarame. The Phantom Thieves were conflicted over what to do with the tickets he gave them to Madarame's upcoming exhibition.
Yusuke's Skills
Zen Meditation
Zoom Cameras
Zorro
Zoshigaya Capsule Machine
Zoshigaya Heritage Kitchen Job Bonus
Zoshigaya Mart
Zouchouten
Zouchouten's Growth of all Things increases damage by an additional 100%, and Zouchouten's Attack is increased by 40%.
Zouchouten's Growth of all Things increases damage by an additional 25%, and Zouchouten's Attack is increased by 10%.
Zouchouten's Growth of all Things increases damage by an additional 55%, and Zouchouten's Attack is increased by 25%.
Zouchouten's Growth of all Things reduces damage taken by an additional 12.5%, and Zouchouten's max HP is increased by 50%.
Zouchouten's Growth of all Things reduces damage taken by an additional 20%, and Zouchouten's max HP is increased by 100%.
Zouchouten's Growth of all Things reduces damage taken by an additional 5%, and Zouchouten's max HP is increased by 20%.
 Attain 3\u2605 in Trials from the Sea of Souls (effective from the next season).
 Attain 6\u2605 in Trials from the Sea of Souls (effective from the next season).
 Attain 7\u2605 in Trials from the Sea of Souls for 3 seasons (effective from the next season).
 Attain 8\u2605 in Trials from the Sea of Souls (effective from the next season).
 Available upon obtaining Ann.
 Available upon obtaining Haruna.
 Available upon obtaining Kamiyama.
 Available upon obtaining Kotone.
 Available upon obtaining Kurotani.
 Available upon obtaining Lufel.
 Available upon obtaining Miyu.
 Available upon obtaining Morgana.
 Available upon obtaining Motoha.
 Available upon obtaining Ren.
 Available upon obtaining Ryuji.
 Available upon obtaining Shiratori.
 Available upon obtaining Shun.
 Available upon obtaining Sumi.
 Available upon obtaining Tomiyama.
 Available upon obtaining Tomoko.
 Available upon obtaining Yaoling.
 Available upon obtaining Yukimi.
 Become close friends with 3 accomplices.
 Become close friends with 5 accomplices.
 Become close friends with 8 accomplices.
 Clear An Ill Wind stage 15 in the Velvet Trials.
 Clear An Ill Wind stage 25 in the Velvet Trials.
 Clear An Ill Wind stage 5 in the Velvet Trials.
 Clear Lair of Arcane Flame stage 15 in the Velvet Trials.
 Clear Lair of Arcane Flame stage 25 in the Velvet Trials.
 Clear Lair of Arcane Flame stage 5 in the Velvet Trials.
 Clear Nuclear Winter stage 15 in the Velvet Trials.
 Clear Nuclear Winter stage 25 in the Velvet Trials.
 Clear Nuclear Winter stage 5 in the Velvet Trials.
 Clear stages 1 - 14 in Crossroads of Fate: Castle Arc.
 Clear Technician stage 10 in the Velvet Trials.
 Clear Technician stage 20 in the Velvet Trials.
 Clear Technician stage 30 in the Velvet Trials.
 Clear Thunderous Blessing stage 15 in the Velvet Trials.
 Clear Thunderous Blessing stage 25 in the Velvet Trials.
 Clear Thunderous Blessing stage 5 in the Velvet Trials.
 Collect 3 series of capsules.
 Collect 5 series of capsules.
 Complete the mission Awakening of Desire.
 Defeat 10 agitated Shadows in Mementos.
 Defeat Takeyuki "Cupid" Kiuchi.
 Draw 10 contracts and/or arms deals.
 Earn a P Medal every 37 seconds.\n Raise Visitor EXP limit to 4000.\n Gain Visitor EXP every 41 seconds.
 Earn a P Medal every 46 seconds.\n Gain Visitor EXP every 51 seconds.
 Earn a P Medal every 49 seconds.\n Gain Visitor EXP every 54 seconds.
 Earn a P Medal every 56 seconds.\n Gain Visitor EXP every 62 seconds.
 Earn a P Medal every 65 seconds.\n Gain Visitor EXP every 72 seconds.
 Earn a P Medal every 71 seconds.\n Gain Visitor EXP every 79 seconds.
 Evolve J\xe1no\u0161\xedk to Rank 8.
 Finish the Universe-Sized Ramen at Victory Kitchen.
 Get 10% progress in Kiuchi's Palace.
 Get 10% progress in Miyazawa's Palace.
 Get 30% progress in Kiuchi's Palace.
 Get 30% progress in Miyazawa's Palace.
 Get 80% progress in Kiuchi's Palace.
 Get Ann's Rating to 100 points.
 Get Ann's Rating to 60 points.
 Get Ann's Rating to 80 points.
 Get Haruna's Rating to 100 points.
 Get Haruna's Rating to 60 points.
 Get Haruna's Rating to 80 points.
 Get Kamiyama's Rating to 50 points.
 Get Kamiyama's Rating to 70 points.
 Get Kamiyama's Rating to 90 points.
 Get Kotone's Rating to 50 points.
 Get Kotone's Rating to 70 points.
 Get Kotone's Rating to 90 points.
 Get Kurotani's Rating to 50 points.
 Get Kurotani's Rating to 70 points.
 Get Kurotani's Rating to 90 points.
 Get Lufel's Rating to 50 points.
 Get Lufel's Rating to 70 points.
 Get Lufel's Rating to 90 points.
 Get Miyu's Rating to 50 points.
 Get Miyu's Rating to 70 points.
 Get Miyu's Rating to 90 points.
 Get Morgana's Rating to 100 points.
 Get Morgana's Rating to 60 points.
 Get Morgana's Rating to 80 points.
 Get Motoha's Rating to 50 points.
 Get Motoha's Rating to 70 points.
 Get Motoha's Rating to 90 points.
 Get Ren's Rating to 100 points.
 Get Ren's Rating to 60 points.
 Get Ren's Rating to 80 points.
 Get Ryuji's Rating to 100 points.
 Get Ryuji's Rating to 60 points.
 Get Ryuji's Rating to 80 points.
 Get Shiratori's Rating to 50 points.
 Get Shiratori's Rating to 70 points.
 Get Shiratori's Rating to 90 points.
 Get Shun's Rating to 50 points.
 Get Shun's Rating to 70 points.
 Get Shun's Rating to 90 points.
 Get Sumi's Rating to 50 points.
 Get Sumi's Rating to 70 points.
 Get Sumi's Rating to 90 points.
 Get Tomiyama's Rating to 50 points.
 Get Tomiyama's Rating to 70 points.
 Get Tomiyama's Rating to 90 points.
 Get Tomoko's Rating to 50 points.
 Get Tomoko's Rating to 70 points.
 Get Tomoko's Rating to 90 points.
 Get Yaoling's Rating to 100 points.
 Get Yaoling's Rating to 60 points.
 Get Yaoling's Rating to 80 points.
 Get Yukimi's Rating to 50 points.
 Get Yukimi's Rating to 70 points.
 Get Yukimi's Rating to 90 points.
 Have Chihaya Mifune read your fortune 10 times.
 Invite an accomplice 3 times.
 Make Merope your exclusive concierge.
 No new level bonuses.
 Open 50 treasure chests in Mementos.
 Raise 1 social stat to level 4.
 Raise 2 social stats to level 8.
 Raise 4 Phantom Thieves to Lv. 20.
 Raise 4 social stats to level 12.
 Raise 4 social stats to level 16.
 Raise J\xe1no\u0161\xedk to level 30.
 Raise J\xe1no\u0161\xedk to level 60.
 Raise J\xe1no\u0161\xedk to level 80.
 Raise P Medal cap to 2500.\n Allow 2 Phantom Thieves to visit.\n Raise Visitor EXP limit to 2000.
 Raise P Medal cap to 3000.\n Allow 3 Phantom Thieves to visit.\n Raise Visitor EXP limit to 2400.
 Raise P Medal cap to 3500.\n Earn a P Medal every 52 seconds.\n Raise Visitor EXP cap to 2800.\n Gain Visitor EXP every 58 seconds.
 Raise P Medal cap to 4000.\n Raise Visitor EXP limit to 3200.
 Raise P Medal cap to 4250.\n Raise Visitor EXP limit to 3400.
 Raise P Medal cap to 4500.\n Earn a P Medal every 41 seconds.\n Raise Visitor EXP limit to 3600.\n Gain Visitor EXP every 45 seconds.
 Raise P Medal cap to 4750.\n Earn a P Medal every 39 seconds.\n Raise Visitor EXP limit to 3800.\n Gain Visitor EXP every 43 seconds.
 Raise Wonder to level 20.
 Reach a score of 1,000,000 in Nightmare's Gateway.
 Reach a score of 10,000,000 in Nightmare's Gateway.
 Reach a score of 30,000,000 in Nightmare's Gateway 10 times.
 Reach a score of 5,000,000 in Nightmare's Gateway.
 Reach a score of 50,000,000 in Nightmare's Gateway.
 Reach level 10 on the Path of Qimranut Fare Machine.
 Reach level 20 on the Path of Qimranut Fare Machine.
 Reach level 5 on the Path of Qimranut Fare Machine.
 Speed determines the action order in battle.\n Skill accuracy changes based on the difference from the target's speed.\n If Speed is the same, action order will follow party's formation order.
 Spend a total of 100,000 yen at Takemi Medical Clinic.
 Unlock a new area to display items.
 Unlock a new area to display items.\n Earn a P Medal every 44 seconds.\n Gain Visitor EXP every 48 seconds.
 Unlock a new area to display items.\n Earn a P Medal every 60 seconds.\n Gain Visitor EXP every 66 seconds.
 Unlock a new area to display items.\n Raise P Medal cap to 2000.\n Earn a P Medal every 79 seconds.\n Reach a visitor limit of one.\n Raise Visitor EXP limit to 1600.\n Gain Visitor Level experience every 86 seconds.
 Work a part-time job 3 times.
