=== commendDesc ===
Ayaka can enhance the effects of her allies' Highlight skills. She's an effective partner for characters with powerful Highlights, since she can boost their damage and instantly activate their Highlight.
By leveling up Kotone's Resonance, her attacks will always land critical hits. Kamiyama also has an effect that further increases allies' critical damage\u2014a combination that powers up the party's attacks.
Haruna is a Strategist who excels at strengthening her allies' attacks. She can spend Childish Heart to raise allies' Attack and Damage Dealt, making her effective when paired with allies who have multi-hit attacks.
Kamiyama's skills allow him to convert allies' HP into a shield. He can use it on Ryuji to reduce his HP, which increases his attack power. Miyu can provide extra shields to protect the party when their HP is low.
Minami has excellent healing and Max HP-boosting skills. She can also cure debuffs and increase the damage of allies when she heals them. Her support abilities can be useful in a variety of different parties.
Miyu is an Elucidator who specializes in strengthening the allies' defense. She can provide shields and increased Defense to her allies, protecting them from powerful enemy attacks.
Morgana is a Medic with impressive fighting capabilities. When he uses his various skills, he gains Chivalry, which allows him to automatically heal allies who are low on HP when they act. His Highlight skill can even revive fallen allies, making him versatile in both offensive and support roles.
Motoha is capable of attacking all enemies with multiple hits. Try teaming up with a Phantom Thief like Sumi, who receives benefits the more times his allies hit.
Phantom Thieves who share the same attribute can create a Flames of Desire effect, boosting the stats of the whole party. Kamiyama can boost his teammates' Attack and critical damage, making Makoto especially more effective.
Phantom Thieves who share the same attribute can create a Flames of Desire effect, boosting the stats of the whole party. Kotone can use Ice attacks to freeze enemies, and Yusuke deals higher damage to Frozen enemies. They can combine to form an effective team.
Phantom Thieves who share the same attribute can create a Flames of Desire effect, boosting the stats of the whole party. Lufel can boost his allies' Fire damage. Kurotani can inflict debuffs on enemies and increase Fire damage. Ann has high attack capabilities. These characters can form a powerful team, and can become even stronger with Tomiyama's elemental ailment boosting capability.
Phantom Thieves who share the same attribute can create a Flames of Desire effect, boosting the stats of the whole party. Makoto can transform by collecting Toughness, greatly enhancing her strength in battle. She can gain more Toughness by attacking enemies with elemental ailments. Chizuko can reliably inflict elemental ailments on enemies, helping Queen gain Toughness more quickly and increasing the effectiveness of their Nuclear skills. Together they can form an effective team.
Phantom Thieves who share the same attribute can create a Flames of Desire effect, boosting the stats of the whole party. Motoha is good at Shocking enemies with her Electric skills, and Yui deals extra damage to Shocked enemies. This combination can strengthen the party's attack capabilities. Additionally, when combined with Haruna's abilities that strengthen her allies' attacks, these characters can form a powerful team and become even stronger.
Phantom Thieves who share the same attribute can create a Flames of Desire effect, boosting the stats of the whole party. Shiratori deals more damage to Windswept enemies, so try pairing him with another character like Morgana who can inflict the Windswept status.
Phantom Thieves who share the same attribute can create a Flames of Desire effect, boosting the stats of the whole party. Yaoling can inflict debuffs on enemies, boosting Ren's Attack even further, making them an effective combo.
Phantom Thieves who share the same attribute can create a Flames of Desire effect, boosting the stats of the whole party. You can combine this with Tomoko's attack-boosting skills to also greatly increase Ann and Kurotani's Attack and create a hard-hitting team.
Ren is able to get Extra Actions, allowing him to perform multiple actions and make it easier for Riko to activate her skills. Additionally, Riko's ability to lower enemy defense helps Ren deal more damage, making them an effective team.
Ren's primary strategy relies on gaining Extra Actions and performing more actions, but with the more attacks he uses, the more SP he spends. Morgana has the ability to reduce SP costs for allies, so by having them in the same party, you can reduce the burden on Ren.
Riko specializes in enhancing the party's 1 More and All-Out Attacks. In addition, she can lower the Defense of enemies when they are knocked down, allowing for even more powerful 1 More and All-Out Attacks.
Shiratori has several skills that hit multiple times. By teaming up with Sumi or Haruna, who benefit from multi-hit attacks, you can create a more effective party.
Shun is a Guardian with a varied skillset. He can heal allies, reduce the enemy's defense, and also make enemies focus their attacks on him.
This party is made up of Phantom Thieves who are easy to recruit. They have a good balance of single- and multi-target attacks, as well as HP recovery. This is a versatile team ideal for players new to exploring the Metaverse.
Tomiyama is an Elucidator who specializes in strengthening her allies' attacks. She can enhance her allies' Attack and Damage Dealt, and increase the effects inflicted on enemies with elemental ailments. As such, she works well with allies who can cause elemental ailments.
Tomoko is a Strategist who specializes in enhancing her allies' Attack. In addition to putting enemies to sleep and rendering them unable to act, she can also increase the enemy's Damage Taken, making her useful in plenty of situations.
Tomoko's attack-boosting skills can enhance Motoha's multi-target attack skills. These Phantom Thieves are easy to recruit, making this an ideal team for beginners.
Tomoko's attack-boosting skills can increase the effectiveness of Ren's multi-target attacks.
Tomoko's attack-boosting skills can increase the effectiveness of Ryuji's single-target attacks.
Tomoko's attack-boosting skills can increase the effectiveness of Yui's single-target attacks.
Yaoling can lower the Defense of all enemies. She works well with Yusuke, a Sweeper who can attack all enemies at once.
Yaoling is a Saboteur who can lower the enemy's Defense, and increase the whole party's Damage Dealt. She also has powerful attacks herself, and can even inflict Forget on enemies, making her useful in a variety of situations.
Yukimi and Miyu can grant Yusuke a shield and increased defense power, improving his survivability. This also extends the duration of his damage boost effect from his Awakening skill. This party combination has excellent attack power and endurance.
Yukimi is a Guardian who specializes in protecting individual allies. She can provide shields, damage reduction and increased Defense to a single ally.
Yumi specializes in granting buffs to the entire party. She can also increase the effectiveness of specific damage attributes, so if you include multiple Phantom Thieves with the same attribute in the party, Phoebe's buffs will be maximized.
tdxct-[CommendThief_commendDesc_126]
tdxct-[CommendThief_commendDesc_127]
tdxct-[CommendThief_commendDesc_128]
tdxct-[CommendThief_commendDesc_129]
tdxct-[CommendThief_commendDesc_130]
tdxct-[CommendThief_commendDesc_131]
tdxct-[CommendThief_commendDesc_132]
tdxct-[CommendThief_commendDesc_133]
tdxct-[CommendThief_commendDesc_134]
tdxct-[CommendThief_commendDesc_135]
tdxct-[CommendThief_commendDesc_136]
tdxct-[CommendThief_commendDesc_137]

=== sn ===
1
101
102
103
104
105
106
107
108
109
110
111
112
113
114
115
116
117
118
119
120
121
122
123
124
125
126
127
128
129
130
131
132
133
134
135
136
137
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
