=== city ===
Akasaka Mitsuke
Akihabara
Asakusa
Ginza
Harajuku
Ichigaya
Ikebukuro
Inokashira Park
Jinbocho
Kanda
Kichijoji
Maihama
Miura Beach
Motomachi Chinatown
Ogikubo
Seaside Park
Shibuya
Shimo-Kitazawa
Shin-Koiwa
Shinagawa
Shinjuku
Shirosato Beach
Suidobashi
Tsukishima
Ueno
Yongen-Jaya
Zoshigaya

=== sn ===
1
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
18
19
2
20
21
22
23
24
25
26
27
28
29
30
31
5
6
7
9

=== stationDesc ===
A beach adored by locals who love swimming. However, it has yet to make a splash on the national stage.
A beach that is easily accessible from the city and perfect for day trips. Every summer, tourists visit its shore in droves.
A business district with many large offices and hotels. A busy area for work and pleasure.
A commercial area lined with numerous brand shops. Featuring many historic stores, Ginza stands above as Japan's premier shopping destination.
A laid-back neighborhood despite its proximity to Ikebukuro.\nGreat for getting away from the hustle and bustle to relax.
A lively neighborhood with a history dating back to before the Edo period, offering restaurants, temples, and an amusement park that make it perfect for tourism.
A mecca for fashion and street art. It also features many trendy caf\xe9s and street food vendors.
A moderately-sized residential area with a shopping district and easy access to Tokyo and Chiba.
A neighborhood combining Yokohama's Chinatown with the laid-back shopping streets of Motomachi.
A neighborhood with many faces, where bustling, colorful markets coexist alongside intellectual art galleries and museums.
A popular and convenient area with quick access to Shibuya. Rumors say it's home to a caf\xe9 famous for its coffee and specialty curry.
A popular commuter town with excellent public transit and a fiercely competitive ramen scene.
A resort area that's home to Destinyland.
A shopping district lined with famous department stores. From movie theaters to a planetarium, entertainment is around every corner.
A typical downtown district in Tokyo, Tsukishima is home to many monjayaki restaurants and is rising in popularity.
An electric town where you can find everything from home appliances to various components, alongside subculture stores and maid caf\xe9s.
Considered the main attraction of Kichijoji, this park boasts vibrant natural scenery and a large lake where people can ride in boats.
Contains numerous corporate offices and restaurants. There's even a TV station within walking distance.
Home to an all-weather stadium and a rich selection of entertainment options. Also known as a college town.
Home to many government offices. It is said that a "Fish Whisperer" frequents the pond near the station.
Kanda is known for its famous temples and churches, which are nestled among numerous universities and bookstores.
Known as Book Town, Jinbocho is home to a wide variety of publishing houses and bookstores, many specializing in used books.
Numerous theaters and concert venues make Shimo-Kitazawa a culture hub.\nAlso the location of Kokatsu Academy.
One of Tokyo's premiere shopping districts. Desire is never far from reach in this neighborhood brimming with people.
The shopping arcade extending from Kichijoji station sells just about everything. One fried food shop in particular has a line that's said to have no end.
With business complexes, shopping centers, and red-light districts, there's something for everyone in Shinjuku.\nOnce referred to as a city that never sleeps.
With great views of Tokyo Bay, this is both a relaxing spot for locals and a sightseeing area for tourists.
