101
102
103
104
105
106
107
108
109
110
111
112
113
114
115
116
117
118
119
120
121
122
123
124
125
Pirates of Curly-Hair Anne
Shin Gorilla
Shaolin Slackers
Shiro's Moving Stage
Spicy-Man: Hungering
3 Fools
Testception
Deplorable Me
The Swift and the Seething
Kung Fu Monkey
Let the Swords Swing
Eternal Affairs
Steady Player None
Liam: The Dependable
Cop Story
A Marvelous Mind
The Violinist
Gone with the Wine
The Wandering Moon
12 Funny Comedians
No Country for Young Men
The Sound of Snoozing
Croaker
Tita & Nick
Scent of an Alien
 A red-headed lass with a silver tongue uses her sharp wits and intelligence to rise to the ranks of pirate captain! A grand adventure spanning the seven seas.
 A bustling metropolis is under attack by a mutated gorilla... What lengths will the corrupt governor go to in order to put a stop to this rampaging beast? Will kindness prevail? A moving story of man vs. nature.
 A group of lazy monks are shocked to discover that their forest has been cut down to build a soccer stadium
 Ordinary office worker Shiro forms a contract with a demon to become an international pop sensation
 The latest instalment in the Spicy-Man series is here! Everybody's favorite food fighter must rise up to face his hottest opponent yet... an ultra-spicy ramen that can melt through steel!
 A satirical comedy about three foolish office workers who strive to overcome their oppressive workplace and achieve success through inspiring dance numbers.
 A lousy student finds himself on the verge of being held back a year at school. When he uncovers the power to enter people's minds
 Blu is a notorious jewel thief who doesn't believe in love or compassion... That is
 A motorcycle policeman goes undercover to investigate a hijacking case
 When the valley of a monkey tribe is threatened by an evil leopard
 When salesman Tatsuhiko's father is murdered and his family heirloom is stolen
 Two rivaling tofu pudding restaurants... One serves sweet
 Set in a dystopic future where humans are trapped in virtual reality and must compete to win their key to the outside world. Can one whiz-kid armed with encyclopedic game knowledge outwit the army of nefarious cheaters
 Liam is a top agent whose only loyalty is to the mission. When he finds a young girl whose family was murdered
 A cop is framed by a crime lord
 A genius scientist
 The tale of a humble violinist who visits a town left devastated after the war. Can the beautiful sound of his violin bring the divided townspeople together again...?
 In the midst of the Hundred Years' War
 The year is 20XX. Aliens from the planet Centaurus have invaded Earth
 When a murder takes place at a comedy club
 When a struggling young samurai discovers a sack filled with a fortune in gold coins
 A former dance instructor finds herself working at a strict retirement home. She tries to help the elderly residents regain their vitality by spreading the joy of dance
 When an AI idol with a faulty sound chip is ridiculed during a livestream
 Titania
 When a student at a prestigious high school is threatened to be expelled by the vice principal
