10001
As they continued in a daze
10002
Skull had been to this castle before
10003
The interior of the castle could hardly be described as being in good taste.
10004
Closer seems to feel uncomfortable here...
10005
There
10006
Their final missing teammate
10007
Panther seemed to have some bad memories of that room.
10008
While there
10009
Luckily
10010
The Phantom Thieves set out once more in pursuit of the Core.
10011
They must combine their power in order to overcome the difficulties that lie ahead.
10012
10013
Although they hoped for a quick job
10014
Can they successfully steal the Core...?
20001
20002
20003
20004
20005
20006
20007
20008
20009
20010
20011
In front of the palace
20012
If only it was all real... Each of the Thieves imagined the limitless possibilities.
20013
The Phantom Thieves continue searching the depths for a route forward.
20014
To obtain the Core
20015
However
20016
The next destination has been decided: the underground vault.
20017
Skull suggested holding a planning meeting before attempting to enter.
20018
In addition to traps and tricks
20019
It looks like the final destination of this journey will lead to the very heart of the vault.
20020
Can they defeat the perilous final Shadow that awaits
30001
While standing in bewilderment at the vast desert wasteland before them
30002
While delighted at the reunion
30003
However
30004
Sharp wits
30005
It seems the mural in the original Palace was different
30006
While pondering its meaning
30007
The Thieves must find the right path
30008
At first glance
30009
Can the Thieves unite to overcome these obstacles?
30010
Waiting for them was an enormous enemy far beyond their expectations.
40001
The newly-joined Noir seemed a little bit nervous at the current situation. After seeing her disposition
40002
40003
40004
Wind
Despite it all
40005
They need to find a shadow with an Employee ID bearing special access permissions. Even for Shadows of the Metaverse
40006
40007
Was the meeting of the two groups of Thieves really a product of coincidence? Who could have intentionally set up such an encounter? It seems that they may need to shed light on the truth themselves.
40008
The only way to the Core was directly across the dark void. Even the Phantom Thieves couldn't help but feel a touch of uneasiness at the prospect.
40009
The location of the Core is only a small step away. Although they were greeted by powerful Shadows and all manner of obstacles
40010
In the middle of the battle
Just what could these utterances mean...
An Unexpected Encounter
 they faced an unexpected encounter.
Run
 but it didn't seem like it had been a positive experience for him.
Tasteless Castle
Reach target destination
Raucous Teammates
Reach target destination
Prison Break
 they came across a lost teammate confined to a cell.
Person with Good Taste
 Joker
Unpleasant Memories
Reach target destination
For Friends
 Closer spotted a familiar face.
Treasured Cards
 they still had an ace up their sleeve.
Thieves' Alliance
Reach target destination
Past Wisdom
Get the baseball
Temporary Rest
The Last Challenge
 things didn't appear to be that simple.
It's Ours!
Reach target destination
Reunion
One More Core?
Determination to Resist
Find the Password!
A Calm
Proceed Even Deeper
Catch Me If You Can
Beauty Is Bizarre
Run Through!
Which is Real?
Queen Takes the Stage
 they found the formerly lost Closer
Continued Delusion
Investigate the bank reception hall
Head for the Underground
Go to the bank basement
Underground Search
 their only option was to persevere and continue onward.
Guidance Through the Screen
 their luck turns around thanks to an unexpected visitor.
Aim for The Vault!
Head to the laundering office lower floor
With All Our Effort
Investigate Underground Vault B1F
Vault Exploration
 powerful Shadows lie in wait for the Phantom Thieves.
Continue: Vault Exploration
Investigate Underground Vault B3F
The Final Battle
 and steal the resplendent Core?
Girl in the Desert
 they heard a voice calling for help.
The Third Alliance
 it seems other allies are still unaccounted for.
Shade and Sun
 upon seeing the joyous reunion between Closer and Panther
Into the Pyramid
 in addition to raw strength
Mural: Snake
 but what could that mean...
Mural: Chicken
 a portion of Oracle's past is brought to light.
Hidden Path
 all while fending off Shadows.
Mural: Pig
 the animals in it don't seem to be connected at all... But then
The Final Stretch
Investigate the Chamber of Emptiness
Bring it Down!
Obtain the pyramids's Treasure
Beauty Thief Takes the Stage!
 Joker took action...
Explore the Spaceport
Continue: Explore the Spaceport
Mechanical Slave
 who had experienced similar circumstances
 the two now have each other
Pitiful Class Hierarchy
 it seems the shackles of hierarchical society cannot be so easily broken.
That's Wrong
An Entangled World
Reach target destination
Fly to Space!
Reach target destination
Head to the Depths
 they continued their advance toward their goal.
Savior
 the enemy shouted all manner of mysterious words.
Obtain the spaceport's Treasure
An abnormality with the Metaverse Navigator sent the Phantom Thieves to a strange castle.
Reach target destination
The Phantom Thieves encountered two unfamiliar Thieves
Reach target destination
The Phantom Thieves continued pushing forward and exploring the area.
Compared to Kiuchi's Palace
Working together to beat back the Shadows
Reach target destination
Panther joined her allies and the search for the Core continued.
 is still missing. Just where could he be?
The Phantom Thieves backtracked to a certain room at the castle's west end.
In an area called the Training Hall of Love
Reach target destination
The Phantom Thieves find themselves in dire straits as they are suddenly attacked by a strong Shadow.
Reach target destination
With Joker's return
Countless traps await the Phantom Thieves on their path to the Core.
The Phantom Thieves
After their rest
Get the baseball
The Phantom Thieves have finally arrived at the heart of the castle.
The Metaverse Navigator has produced another anomaly. This time
After entering the museum
During the search for their teammates
The Phantom Thieves head toward the second exhibition room. The museum's inner security seems to be very tight...
 Yet Forceful Entry
Although the Thieves successfully acquired the Core
The Phantom Thieves head toward the security room in order to find the road leading outside of the art museum. The patrolling Shadows and security measures are not to be taken lightly.
Just as the Phantom Thieves were about to reach the museum exit
The Core's presence is rapidly growing closer. The exit is within reach.
The Phantom Thieves finally left the museum. There
The Thieves arrived at a building closely resembling Kaneshiro's Palace. No one could hide their disgust at the unsightly scene brimming with greed.
 who was accompanied by another reliable new teammate.
A flurry of banknotes was scattered all throughout the Palace.
The Core must be hidden somewhere within the bank's underground.
Aside from patrolling Shadows
Investigate the east side of the employee passage
As Shadows close in
Head to the employee passage control room
Facing greater dangers
The Phantom Thieves have arrived in front of the vault.
The exploration of the vault has begun.
Investigate Underground Vault B2F
The presence of the Core grows closer.
After great tribulation
Get the bank's Treasure
Due to a Metaverse Navigator error
Find the source of the distress call
While traversing the desert with Oracle
Investigate the pyramid's underground area
As the Phantom Thieves continued into the pyramid's underground area
 Oracle suddenly felt pain...
In the Chamber of Rejection
 will be required in order to push forward.
As the Phantom Thieves continue inward
Reach target destination
Continuing from the snake
Investigate the Chamber of Guilt
Facing stronger enemies as they continue inward
Investigate the Chamber of Guilt
The Phantom Thieves come across yet another peculiar mural.
 a look of realization appears on Navi's face.
As the Core's presence grows stronger
After overcoming many trials
As the members of the Phantom Thieves gathered
Reach target destination
The structure of the spaceportesque False Palace was complex
As the Phantom Thieves began to acclimate to exploration
Noir's mood darkened when she looked upon the robots forced to work like slaves.
 empathized with Noir.
 as well as close allies
The Thieves find themselves hampered by the base's security system.
Reach target destination
 Isn't It?
Oracle's mind returned to the parallel worlds situation.
A vast vacuum of space surrounded the False Palace.
After leaping through space
Reach target destination
The Phantom Thieves face off against the Core's guardian at the spaceport's deepest point.
 Mona and Skull
 the castle is filled with dark corridors and disturbing rooms.
 the Phantom Thieves fought their way to the underground prison.
Reach target destination
 the Phantom Thieves witnessed the unfair treatment of a cognitive being.
 all allies had finally assembled.
 exhausted from the continuous campaign of battles and exploration
 the Phantom Thieves began a search for the third ball.
 the Thieves have been taken to a place resembling some sort of museum... will they encounter "them" again?
 the Phantom Thieves encountered Panther and Fox. It seems that once again
 Fox turned his attention to a painting hung on the wall of the museum. This place seems to resemble a certain Palace
Get the museum's Treasure
The Phantom Thieves continue their search for the Core as they slip past various security measures. What awaited them ahead was...
 there seems to be one more Core reading left. In order to obtain the remaining Core
Get the museum's Treasure
 an unexpected obstacle blocked their path. Can they put their heads together to overcome this unanticipated challenge?
Get the museum's Treasure
 they came across something most unexpected...
Go to the bank hall control room
 various tricks and traps hindered the Thieves' path.
 the Phantom Thieves find themselves in a dire position.
 the Phantom Thieves continue the exploration.
 the Phantom Thieves have finally arrived at the Core.
 the Thieves once again appeared in an unexpected place.
 the Phantom Thieves arrived at a pyramid
 they came across Panther and Skull.
Reach target destination
 it seems that not just enemies
Search the Chamber of Rejection
 they encounter a strange mural of a snake.
 the Thieves happen upon a mural of a chicken.
 the present path grows dangerous.
Reach target destination
 large numbers of traps and gimmicks hinder the path ahead.
 the Phantom Thieves have finally arrived at the Core.
 they had no trouble mingling with one another.
 teeming with various obstacles to the Phantom Thieves' exploration. Channeling all of the knowledge and experience they had gained up to this point
 more and more Shadows stood in their path. Fighting useless battles is a waste of time and energy. Sharp situational judgment will be the key to success.
 to support them along the way.
By pure coincidence
 the Phantom Thieves arrived at the final area.
