sn	city	stationDesc
1	Yongen-Jaya	A popular and convenient area with quick access to Shibuya. Rumors say it's home to a café famous for its coffee and specialty curry.
2	Shibuya	One of Tokyo's premiere shopping districts. Desire is never far from reach in this neighborhood brimming with people.
5	Shinjuku	With business complexes	 shopping centers	 and red-light districts	 there's something for everyone in Shinjuku.
Once referred to as a city that never sleeps.
6	Jinbocho	Known as Book Town	 Jinbocho is home to a wide variety of publishing houses and bookstores	 many specializing in used books.
7	Akasaka Mitsuke	Contains numerous corporate offices and restaurants. There's even a TV station within walking distance.
9	Inokashira Park	Considered the main attraction of Kichijoji	 this park boasts vibrant natural scenery and a large lake where people can ride in boats.
11	Ikebukuro	A shopping district lined with famous department stores. From movie theaters to a planetarium	 entertainment is around every corner.
12	Ueno	A neighborhood with many faces	 where bustling	 colorful markets coexist alongside intellectual art galleries and museums.
13	Akihabara	An electric town where you can find everything from home appliances to various components	 alongside subculture stores and maid cafés.
14	Suidobashi	Home to an all-weather stadium and a rich selection of entertainment options. Also known as a college town.
15	Asakusa	A lively neighborhood with a history dating back to before the Edo period	 offering restaurants	 temples	 and an amusement park that make it perfect for tourism.
16	Kanda	Kanda is known for its famous temples and churches	 which are nestled among numerous universities and bookstores.
17	Maihama	A resort area that's home to Destinyland.
18	Ginza	A commercial area lined with numerous brand shops. Featuring many historic stores	 Ginza stands above as Japan's premier shopping destination.
19	Tsukishima	A typical downtown district in Tokyo	 Tsukishima is home to many monjayaki restaurants and is rising in popularity.
20	Seaside Park	With great views of Tokyo Bay	 this is both a relaxing spot for locals and a sightseeing area for tourists.
21	Miura Beach	A beach that is easily accessible from the city and perfect for day trips. Every summer	 tourists visit its shore in droves.
22	Motomachi Chinatown	A neighborhood combining Yokohama's Chinatown with the laid-back shopping streets of Motomachi.
23	Harajuku	A mecca for fashion and street art. It also features many trendy cafés and street food vendors.
24	Ogikubo	A popular commuter town with excellent public transit and a fiercely competitive ramen scene.
25	Ichigaya	Home to many government offices. It is said that a "Fish Whisperer" frequents the pond near the station.
26	Shimo-Kitazawa	Numerous theaters and concert venues make Shimo-Kitazawa a culture hub.
Also the location of Kokatsu Academy.
27	Zoshigaya	A laid-back neighborhood despite its proximity to Ikebukuro.
Great for getting away from the hustle and bustle to relax.
28	Kichijoji	The shopping arcade extending from Kichijoji station sells just about everything. One fried food shop in particular has a line that's said to have no end.
29	Shinagawa	A business district with many large offices and hotels. A busy area for work and pleasure.
30	Shirosato Beach	A beach adored by locals who love swimming. However	 it has yet to make a splash on the national stage.
31	AAAAAA==	A moderately-sized residential area with a shopping district and easy access to Tokyo and Chiba.
