sn	paragraphName	paragraphDes
1	Chapter 1	The protagonist moved to Tokyo alone under special circumstances. He reached his new accommodations at the Sakura residence	 but...
2	Chapter 2	His new lodgings were in a coffee shop. He was brought to the attic of a place called Café Leblanc...
3	Chapter 3	When the protagonist fell asleep on top of his bed	 he awoke to find himself in a mysterious space called "The Velvet Room".
4	Chapter 4	The protagonist went to his new school to introduce himself to the faculty	 but was met with a cold welcome. The principal	 seemingly annoyed at his presence	 warns him not to cause any trouble...
5	Chapter 1	After dumbfoundedly watching Ann enter Kamoshida's car	 the protagonist hurried to school with Ryuji. As they drew closer	 something strange started to happen around them...
6	Chapter 2	When they arrived at school	 they found that it had been transofrmed into a castle-like building straight out of a fairy tale. Upon entering the building	 they were immediately surrounded by strange monsters in armor...
7	Chapter 3	The protagonist and Ryuji were thrown into the castle dungeons by strange armored figures. Before they could even come to their senses	 a half-naked king with the face of Kamoshida appeared before them!
8	Chapter 4	Listening to the voice	 the protagonist remembered events from his past. He recalled his anger at the injustice he had suffered	 and with that conviction	 his rebellious inner self awakened to fight the injustice that stood before him!
9	Chapter 5	Due to the ordeal in the castle	 the protagonist was late on his first day of school	 which earned the scorn of the real-world Kamoshida	 the other teachers	 and his new classmates.
10	Chapter 6	After meeting up with Ryuji again	 they discussed the strange castle they saw	 and decided to attempt entry once again. As the two struggled in their foreign surroundings	 Morgana called out to them...
11	Chapter 7	The Phantom Thieves find themselves in dire straits as they face Kamoshida. Ryuji	 unable to fight	 can only look on as the others are hurt...
12	Chapter 8	In the real world	 Morgana appeared to Ryuji and the protagonist in the form of a cat. As Morgana began to explain how Kamoshida's heart could be changed by using the Palace	 Ann's best friend	 Shiho	 gazed down at the ground from the school rooftop...
13	Chapter 9	The trio once again infiltrated the Palace in an attempt to change Kamoshida's heart. Somehow	 Ann has also appeared in this world...
14	Chapter 10	After returning from the real world	 the four of them secretly put up calling cards around the school	 exposing Kamoshida's evil deeds. The card was signed by "The Phantom Thieves of Hearts".
15	Chapter 11	The Phantom Thieves infiltrated the Palace to steal the Treasure. Twisted by his distorted desires	 Kamoshida took on a monstrous	 demonic form and attacked them. The Phantom Thieves were cornered...!
16	Chapter 12	A day after stealing the treasure	 an unexpected school assembly was held. There	 Kamoshida openly confessed to all of his wrongdoing...
17	Chapter 1	During a dinner party celebrating their victory in changing Kamoshida's heart	 the protagonist and Ryuji encountered some men in suits. The protagonist felt like he had seen the leader of the men somewhere before...
18	Chapter 2	The criminal prosecutor	 Sae Nijima	 and the famous high school detective	 Goro Akechi	 came to pay a visit to Leblanc. The way Akechi spoke about the Phantom Thieves caused the protagonist and Morgana to become wary.
19	Chapter 3	The Phantom Thieves notice a mysterious boy named Yusuke following behind Ann. When they confronted him	 Yusuke begged Ann to be a model for his paintings.
20	Chapter 4	Yusuke was a pupil of the famous Japanese painter	 Ichiryusai Madarame. The Phantom Thieves were conflicted over what to do with the tickets he gave them to Madarame's upcoming exhibition.
21	Chapter 5	The Phantom Thieves decided to accept Yusuke's invitation to Madarame's exhibition. Just as they arrived	 they saw Madarame surrounded by the press	 answering questions with a proud yet humble demeanor.
22	Chapter 6	The Phantom Thieves saw a post on the Phan-Site	 claiming "a famous Japanese artist is plagiarizing the work of his students.
They suspected this message was referring to Madarame	 and decided to take action.
23	Chapter 7	Phantom Thieves visited Yusuke's house to investigate. However	 he denied everything about the plagiarism accusations against Madarame. Thinking the rumors perhaps referred to a different artist	 the Phantom Thieves started to leave the house. However...
24	Chapter 8	The Phantom Thieves discovered a new Palace	 and during their infiltration	 they encountered its ruler: Shadow Madarame. Showing no remorse	 Madarame claimed his actions were a justified reward for taking in and raising orphaned children.
25	Chapter 9	In order to steal the Treasure	 they needed to change Madarame's perception. The Phantom Thieves split into two groups and began a coordinated attack from both the real world and the Palace!
26	Chapter 10	When Morgana unlocked a sealed room meant only for Madarame	 they found multiple counterfeit copies of "Sayuri". As the doors in the real world unlocked	 the closed doors in the Palace changed...
27	Chapter 11	In order to escape from Madarame	 Ann activated the Metaverse Navigator	 but Yusuke was pulled into Madarame's Palace along with her...
28	Chapter 12	Shadow Madarame admitted to Yusuke that the only reason he took him in was to exploit his talent and reap the benefits for himself. In the midst of his anger and grief from learning the truth	 Yusuke awakened his Persona...!
29	Chapter 13	The party unanimously decided to change Madarame's heart. They posted a calling card at Madarame's exhibition	 setting the stage to steal his Treasure!
30	Chapter 14	After a fierce battle	 the Phantom Thieves finally defeated Shadow Madarame and obtained his Treasure: the posthumous work of Yusuke's mother—the real "Sayuri"!
31	Chapter 15	Madarame held a press conference	 where he tearfully confessed to plagiarism and the abuse of his students. This live broadcast instantly brought the name of the Phantom Thieves into the public spotlight.
32	Chapter 1	Yusuke moved out of the school dorms and	 with nowhere else to go	 temporarily stayed at Leblanc with the protagonist. The Phantom Thieves decided to throw a party to celebrate Madarame's change of heart...
33	Chapter 2	After completing their heist	 the Phantom Thieves discussed how to move forward. Finding renewed ambition within themselves	 they became all the more determined to stand up against corruption.
34	Chapter 3	Ryuji spies a flyer for a maid housekeeping service in the mail. As he shows it to the protagonist	 he suggests that they call a maid.
35	Chapter 4	The protagonist	 Ryuji	 and Mishima	 who overheard their conversation	 snuck into an empty apartment and called for a maid... but the moment they hung up the phone	 Ryuji and Mishima freaked out	 and hid out on the balcony.
36	Chapter 5	At school	 the Phantom Thieves discussed their next move	 when Makoto	 the student council president	 approached them...
37	Chapter 6	Makoto had recorded the Phantom Thieves' discussion on her phone	 and used it to blackmail them into changing someone's heart for her.
38	Chapter 7	The protagonist got in touch with the journalist they met during the Maradame heist	 and uncovered the name of Makoto's target: Kaneshiro. The Phantom Thieves proceeded to search for his Palace...
39	Chapter 8	The Phantom Thieves managed to locate Kaneshiro's palace	 but with his fortress floating in the sky	 they had no way to reach it.
40	Chapter 9	Out of desperation	 Makoto tracked down Kaneshiro in the real world and tried to confront him...
41	Chapter 10	The Phantom Thieves rushed to Kaneshiro's club to help Makoto	 only to wind up falling into Kaneshiro's trap.
42	Chapter 11	Now that Kaneshiro recognized Makoto as a customer of his bank	 the Phantom Thieves realized this might be their ticket into his Palace	 and brought Makoto along with them to the Metaverse.
43	Chapter 12	Just as they had hoped	 the Phantom Thieves managed to infiltrate Kaneshiro's palace with Makoto's help. There	 they encounter Kaneshiro's shadow.
44	Chapter 13	Shadow Kaneshiro offered a disgusting "payment plan" to clear their debt to him. Hearing this sent Makoto into a rage and awakened her Persona.
45	Chapter 14	After investigating the Palace	 the Phantom Thieves returned to the real world to deliver their calling card to Kaneshiro.
46	Chapter 15	The Phantom Thieves confronted Shadow Kaneshiro at the heart of his Palace	 and witnessed his grotesque transformation.
47	Chapter 16	In their intense battle against Shadow Kaneshiro	 the Phantom Thieves unleashed an all-out attack...!
48	Chapter 17	After his defeat	 Shadow Kaneshiro made a shocking revelation to the Phantom Thieves right before disappearing...
49	Chapter 18	Thanks to the Phantom Thieves' efforts	 Kaneshiro's heart was changed and he surrendered himself to the police. But as Sae watched the news on TV	 her expression remained stern.
