sn	name	desc
101	Self-introduction	I am Merope	 your concierge. Please remember me from now on.
102	About Myself	The Velvet Room exists between dreams and reality	 mind and matter. I am merely a servant of its master.
103	About Goals	In order to avoid the impending ruin	 I will assist you in strengthening your desires.
104	About Us	Our relationship...? I am to devise a special contract for you to fulfill. Are you seeking a different kind of relationship?
105	On Upper-Body Strength	My upper body strength...? It wouldn't be difficult to demonstrate	 but I'll leave it to your imagination.
106	About Igor	Please be aware that I cannot provide any more information about my master than what you currently know.
107	About Narumi Nashimoto	A rising idol with a knack for character creation	 meeting her was truly a blessing. Please look forward to the next special contract I prepare for you.
201	Self-introduction	I'm Motoha Arai. My codename is Closer. Nice to meet you again!
202	About Myself	Me? Hmmm... I guess I tend to follow my gut. But maybe that also means I might not be great at thinking things through. Ahaha...
203	About Goals	I need to get back in shape for running around in the Metaverse. But I worked pretty hard today	 so I can have just one crêpe	 right? That's fine	 right?
204	About Our Meeting	If I hadn't met you	 I might've been stuck in the past forever. Thank you again. Let's keep doing our best together!
205	On the Phantom Thieves	Only the Phantom Thieves can change the hearts of people with twisted desires	 right? I'll do my best. I want to help the people who've been hurt like Tomoko was.
206	About Lufel	I've gotten used to him and all	 but I still don't really understand where Lufel came from. Why would the Metaverse have owls?
207	About Tomoko Noge	Tomoko is my closest friend. We've been battery mates since little league	 and she's always there for me whenever I'm having a hard time. I want to be there for her forever too. We're not just friends	 we're besties!
301	Self-introduction	???
302	About Reading the Room	???
303	About Burgers	???
304	About "Normality"	???
305	About Discipline	???
306	About our Deal	???
401	Self-introduction	My name is Lufel. Codename: Cattle. Remember it.
402	About Myself	Sorry	 but I don't make a habit of talking about myself. What? Don't look so sad! I'll tell you someday.
403	About Goals	My memory is currently incomplete. I understand the way to regain it is to steal the distorted desires	 otherwise known as Treasure	 from Palace rulers.
404	About Our Meeting	We are business partners working together as members of the Phantom Thieves. Hoohoo	 you know	 your bag is quite comfortable by the way.
405	On the Phantom Thieves	The Phantom Thieves of desires... I have entrusted you with the role of leader while I focus on my own objectives.
406	About Takeyuki Kiuchi	Clinging to past glories	 blaming others for his fallen circumstances	 and continually oppressing the weak with his twisted lust. If he continues to go unchecked	 more victims will certainly emerge. He is a perfect candidate for the Phantom Thieves' first target.
407	About Motoha Arai	It was a pleasant surprise to discover another Persona-user besides us. Although her somewhat loud personality may not be a perfect fit for our covert operations	 she is certainly a valuable asset in battle.
501	Self-introduction	Shun Kano. But around here	 you can call me Soy.
502	About Myself	Am I... hard to approach? I guess I feel that way now and then. It's not that I hate talkin' to people or anything	 though.
503	About Goals	I believe in pursuing the perfect flavor. That's how it's always been	 and it won't change anytime soon.
504	About Our Meeting	Come to think of it	 before I became a phantom thief	 I saw you a few times on the rooftop. Didn't look like you were there to eat... What were you doing up there?
505	On the Phantom Thieves	I never thought I'd be a phantom thief. If Pops knew	 he'd flip.
506	About Lufel	I mean	 he's a talking owl... Of course I was surprised. But I see him as a fellow phantom thief now. Guess he can be a bit uppity at times	 though.
507	About Motoha Arai	Huh? That came outta nowhere... She's not aimin' to be a chef	 but she's still got a pretty darn impressive sense of taste. And	 y'know... She's a lot more personable and friendly than me.
601	Self-introduction	Kiyoshi Kurotani. Codename: Key. It's not "Ki" like Kiyoshi	 it's "Key" as in "lock and key	 okay?
602,About Myself,What makes me the chosen one? You've met me, isn't it obvious?
603,About Goals,It's not a question of can" I do it	 it's a question of "will" I.
604	About Us	Seeing as we are fellow chosen ones	 feel free to consult with me about anything	 okay?
605	About Books	Someday	 my life's tale may become a book that's passed down through generations... I live every day with that possibility in mind.
606	About Kazuki Take	When it comes to Take-kun	 I just can't turn a blind eye...
701	Self-introduction	My name's Yaoling Li! I'm from Sichuan	 China. Nice to meet you!
702	About Myself	I'm still not great at Japanese... I'm always making tons of mistakes. Just be patient with me	 okay? Xièxiè!
703	About Goals	I could've just kept studying back home in China	 but my mom and dad thought it'd be better for me to study abroad... I'm still trying to understand why they wanted me to come here	 but they must have had their reasons.
704	About Chili Peppers	The whole thing that "people from Sichuan love spicy food" is just a stereotype	 you know! But... I do think Japanese food could be better with a little spice.
705	About Us	Sensei	 you've not only been my guide around Tokyo	 but you've also helped me understand what studying abroad is all about... You're not just my Tokyo tour guide	 you're like an "entire life" guide!
706	About Yukimi Fujikawa	Yukimi-san seems like she's really been held back by always following the rules	 like she can't express herself... Me	 on the other hand	 I just do whatever I want... Eh	 maybe "I'm free-spirited" sounds better?
707	About Tea	Are you interested in Chinese tea	 Sensei? If you've got some time	 I can teach you! Hehe	 this time it's my turn to be your Sensei	 huh?
801	Self-introduction	I'm Tomoko Noge. Nice to meet you.
802	About Myself	Talent? I don't think I have anything I'm really good at. Sometimes I worry about how I should live my life without baseball.
803	About Goals	Giving up baseball was tough	 but it might have given me a chance to find myself. Don't worry	 I won't give up searching!
804	About Baseball	I used to be a catcher. Huh? I don't look like one?
805	About Us	Isn't it fun working lots of part-time jobs together? Thanks for always giving me advice. I'm counting on you!
806	About Motoha Arai	Motoha is really popular. She's earnest	 kind	 and great at sports... though she can be a little lax at times. I'm proud to call her my best friend!
807	About Shun Kano	Kano-kun? Yeah	 he's in my class. He's always got this serious look on his face.
901	Self-introduction	What's up? I'm Kayo Tomiyama! So	 what're you kids into these days?
902	About Myself	Yeah	 I was a pretty big star when I was younger! Even worked as a stylist	 you know! And I'm still majorly picky when it comes to fashion.
903	About Goals	I may be an adult in terms of age	 but I'm still young at heart	 as they say! But the youth culture of today is totally different... Time really does fly.
904	About Clothes	Do you like my fashion sense? Oh	 those clothes I gave you were just sample pieces my hubby got from work. Don't worry about it! But I can guarantee they're all high-quality!
905	About Us	When I talk to you	 it's like going back to my younger days... Huh? Shut up! You're totally harshing my vibe... Just kidding.
906	About Leo Kamiyama	Whenever I see that kid	 I just feel like cheering him on. He's just so much like me when I was younger	 I guess.
907	About "Hubby"	Gah	 you're asking about him all of a sudden? Well	 come to think of it... You remind me a lot of him when he was younger!
1101	Self-introduction	My name's Yui! If you've got any questions about the virtual world	 ask away!
1102	About Myself	You want to know more about me? Well... I am who I am! What you see is what you get! If you don't believe me	 just look for yourself!
1103	About Goals	I want to get a huge plot of land	 grow lots of tasty things	 and eat until I'm full to burst!
1104	About Us	Well	 Russet	 you're a pretty mysterious guy	 you know? Whenever we're together	 I always end up saying too much about myself...
1105	About Farming	Farm work requires two things: physical stamina and love! You've got to work hard to till the soil	 and give it plenty of nutrients and love	 and then you'll have some great crops!
1106	About Harvest World Online	Not long ago	 it was just packed full of people	 but lately it's been a little lonely. But now	 thanks to Russet and our farm	 I'm not lonely at all anymore!
1107	About Musubi Matsukata	Come to think of it	 my friend Musubi's name is written with the same kanji as mine	 so you could read it as "Yui." Ehehehe... Isn't it fun that we match?
1201	Self-introduction	Hello	 I'm Ayaka Sakai. We met in front of Shibuya Station.
1202	About Myself	What I'm good at	 huh... A lot of people have told me I'm good at playing guitar. But I feel like I still have a long way to go.
1203	About Goals	Well	 I... My voice... I'd really like to share my songs. That's my number-one goal.
1204	About Your Band	My high school memories... Well	 I definitely remember putting together a band with my friends. Everyone worked so hard on our songs	 and we practiced so much to put on a concert... It really was fun.
1205	About Us	Thanks for always being there for me. As long as you're here	 I... Sorry	 nevermind.
1206	About Dreams	Make both of our dreams come true... I'd be lying if I said I wasn't still worried about that. But... I'm going to do what I can.
1207	About Creativity	I want to keep on singing. For my friends	 who showed me how much fun it could be	 and for all the people who love my songs. And... for you	 too.
1301	Self-introduction	I'm Yumi Shiina. I work as a bartender in Shibuya	 and my specialty is flair bartending! Nice to meet you.
1302	About Myself	I was in a dance club back in college	 and we did all sorts of dances. I think that's really helped me with my flair bartending. It's kinda like... a step only I can take.
1303	About Goals	Yeah	 bars can be pretty intimidating	 can't they? A lot of people say they're nervous about coming in. But I'd like it to be a place where people feel welcome anytime! That's why I've been practicing mocktails	 you know?
1304	About Mixology	The flavor	 color	 and all different things come together in a single glass. It's like magic	 don't you think? And on top of that	 the shape of the glass and the color of the decorations can change the impression	 too. You've gotta be a real magician to make the perfect drink for each customer	 and that's what I want to be.
1305	About Dance	I'll never forget the feeling of leaping across the stage	 the way my costume sparkled under the spotlight... It was just so much fun! ...I wish that fun could've lasted forever.
1306	About Us	Your mocktail-mixing skills are getting better every day... I can't let myself lose! The apprentice must not surpass the master! Just you wait	 my next drink is going to knock your socks off!
1307	About Me	I think about it once in a while. If I'd never met you... I definitely wouldn't enjoy dancing anymore	 let alone flair bartending... Because of you	 I've been having a lot of fun lately. So	 thanks.
1401	Self-introduction	AAAAAA==
1402	About Myself	AAAAAA==
1403	About Goals	AAAAAA==
1404	AAAAAA==	AAAAAA==
1405	AAAAAA==	AAAAAA==
1406	About Us	AAAAAA==
1407	About Me	AAAAAA==
1501	Self-introduction	AAAAAA==
1502	About Myself	AAAAAA==
1503	About Goals	AAAAAA==
1504	AAAAAA==	AAAAAA==
1505	About Us	AAAAAA==
1506	AAAAAA==	AAAAAA==
1507	AAAAAA==	AAAAAA==
1601	Self-introduction	AAAAAA==
1602	About Myself	AAAAAA==
1603	About Goals	AAAAAA==
1604	AAAAAA==	AAAAAA==
1605	About Us	AAAAAA==
1606	AAAAAA==	AAAAAA==
1607	AAAAAA==	AAAAAA==
1701	Self-introduction	AAAAAA==
1702	About Myself	AAAAAA==
1703	About Goals	AAAAAA==
1704	AAAAAA==	AAAAAA==
1705	About Us	AAAAAA==
1706	AAAAAA==	AAAAAA==
1707	AAAAAA==	AAAAAA==
