sn	name	desc
1	Futility	Very soon the demon of terror will come knocking at the door. It waits in the darkness	 setting traps to lead the world to temptation.
2	Love	With a healthy environment and proper care	 vibrant new life will be able to sprout.
3	Oppression	Struggling forward along the path	 carrying a great weight alone. Even when defeat seems inevitable	 there is still hope ahead.
4	Valor	Jumping into the murky depths	 no matter what dangers lie beneath the surface. Summon the courage to chase your desires	 never faltering.
5	Works	A castle may rise up in your dreams in just one night	 but you must gather the stones to build it after you awake.
6	Dominion	With staff in hand	 he protects his steadfast beliefs and demonstrates his own sense of justice.
7	Sorrow	The sharp sword pierced through the still-beating heart. But now the blood is drying	 and the wound will heal.
8	Strife	In the midst of the chaos	 he raises his weapon. He focuses his mind	 defeats the monstrous foes	 and raises his voice high.
9	Completion	When nothing changes	 people will soon grow bored... But as the sun rises in the east	 new opportunities quietly arrive.
10	Virtue	Receiving God's gracious blessings	 happiness and joy create a garden of beautifully blooming flowers.
11	Reconciliation	Whether the future is good or ill	 accepting all of your imperfections is the only way to move forward.
12	Peace	A sincere wish that the world will be free from violence and strife	 and that peace will finally come.
13	Disappointment	As pain washes over you and you fight to catch your breath	 will you be able to ride out the storm?
14	Luxury	Intense desires are finally calmed by the serene beauty all around. Amidst the incredible sense of relief	 calamity looms beyond the ramparts.
15	Abundance	Draped in finery	 tension is finally released as we dance to a soft melody in the moonlight.
16	Power	An ever-evolving source of power courses through the body. It invigorates your fearless spirit and creates new life.
17	Transformation	The winds and waves are ever-changing	 but they will not consume you if you simply readjust your course.
18	Worry	Drowning in a beautiful dream both day and night	 but cruel reality threatens to swallow you up. You must wake up soon.
19	Victory	The laurel-crowned warrior returns in glory. All the pain and suffering of the past is reduced to dust amidst the triumphant cheers.
20	Science	When the path is lost beneath entangled desires	 the light of reason can cut through the fog and dispel the shadows.
21	Defeat	The black current gradually recedes	 and light appears on the horizon. Fears and doubts will be lifted with the coming dawn.
22	Pleasure	In a world of fairy tales	 there is no sadness	 only pure joy and beauty. Savor it while it lasts.
23	Success	Hesitation will only hinder your progress. Listen to your heart	 take hold of your fate	 and seize victory.
24	Interference	The foggy path is choked with vines	 and demons whisper to lead travelers astray. When will this curse be lifted?
2001	Creation	The lion bathed in intense flames stretches its body. A joyous melody is heard and the light appears.
2002	Awareness	The fog is now lifted	 and the scenery before our eyes becomes bathed in light. The true world is finally here.
2003	Departure	When one can truly understand their own heart and know the place where they belong	 they will find what it is they've been looking for.
2004	Growth	A seedling sprouts from the soil	 and the roots spread out deep. New life grows unfettered.
2005	Wisdom	Take your desires in hand and form them into a spear	 piercing through the dark clouds that obscure the truth.
2006	Meditation	Spread your wings and soar into the sky. Your mind is free from doubts	 and you are simply heading toward the end of the journey.
2007	Faith	The golden fields are bathed in sunlight. A knight in black armor lifts his weary head and gazes into the distance.
2008	Trust	White lotus flowers bloom out of the mud. Seedlings buried too long in the darkness always yearn for the sky.
2009	Hope	Shed the old shell of desire and reach out with both hands toward love and new life. Then you can spread your wings toward dreams of tomorrow.
2010	Harmony	When the spring arrives	 the greenery returns of its own accord. At the end of the journey	 the heart will be at peace.
2011	Resolve	Over towering mountains and across rushing waters	 no obstacle can stand in your way.
2012	Perseverance	The sharp blade will never stop swinging. A fearless fighting spirit will cut through any chains that try to bind it.
2013	Acceptance	The fierce flames roar and rage	 engulfing everything until silence returns and a gentle light shines through.
2014	Freedom	She escapes from her prison	 her pure white skirt fluttering. Each graceful step brings her toward freedom.
2015	Integrity	Rise on the wings of intuition and imagination. The noble steed raises its head	 galloping toward dreams and the future	 a path enveloped in light and hope.
2016	The Self	Your voice echoes alone through the dense fog. Away from the clamor of the world outside	 uncover your inner truths	 and your heart will come to know its true form.
