sn	name	text	text0
1	Wandering Shadow	Battle a normal Shadow	 and receive Charms and Railway Coins if you defeat it.
You also have a low chance to find a Lost Item.	Battle a normal Shadow	 and receive Charms and Railway Coins if you defeat it.
You also have a low chance to find a Lost Item.
2	Agitated Shadow	Battle a tough Shadow	 with a high chance of receiving Purple Charms and Railway Coins if you defeat it.
There is also a high chance of finding a Lost Item.	Battle a tough Shadow	 with a high chance of receiving Purple Charms and Railway Coins if you defeat it.
There is also a high chance of finding a Lost Item.
3	Savage Shadow	Battle an extremely powerful Shadow	 and receive a guaranteed Orange Charm or Lost Item along with Railway Coins if you defeat it.
Defeating the Shadow will also open the next route for you to proceed.	Battle an extremely powerful Shadow	 and receive a guaranteed Orange Charm or Lost Item along with Railway Coins if you defeat it.
Defeating the Shadow will also open the next route for you to proceed.
4	Stubborn Shadow	Battle a Boss Shadow at the Terminal Station.
Defeat it to clear the Control Center.	Battle a Boss Shadow at the Terminal Station.
Defeat it to clear the Control Center.
5	Fateful Departure	The first station when you start the Control Center.
You can receive a Lost Item from Marthym.	The first station when you start the Control Center.
You can receive a Lost Item from Marthym.
6	Marthym's Shop	Purchase Lost Items or Charms from Marthym.
You will need Railway Coins to buy them.	Purchase Lost Items or Charms from Marthym.
You will need Railway Coins to buy them.
7	Lost Shadow: Blessing	Listen to what the Shadows have to say and help them make choices	 and you may receive Lost Items or Railway Coins.
There's a higher chance of something good happening.	Listen to what the Shadows have to say and help them make choices	 and you may receive Lost Items or Railway Coins.
Many positive events may occur.
8	Marthym's Trading Post	Purchase Lost Items or Charms from Marthym	 or strengthen the Charms you already have.
You will need Railway Coins to buy or strengthen Charms.	Purchase Lost Items or Charms from Marthym	 or strengthen the Charms you already have.
You will need Railway Coins to buy or strengthen Charms.
9	Fortune Station	Several Treasure Chests are here	 but you can choose only one to open.	Several Treasure Chests are here	 but you can choose only one to open.
10	Mysterious Station	Arrive at a random station.	The fog obscures the track ahead.
You won't know where you'll end up until you enter.
11	Lost Shadow: Encounter	Listen to what the Shadows have to say and help them make choices	 and you may receive Lost Items or Railway Coins.	Listen to what the Shadows have to say and help them make choices	 and you may receive Lost Items or Railway Coins.
