sn	name	desc	strategy
514011	Slime	A primitive monster with a viscous body. There are various theories as to its origin	 but it is still under debate. Said to compulsively collect shiny objects.	AAAAAA==
514012	Slime	A primitive monster with a viscous body. There are various theories as to its origin	 but it is still under debate. Said to compulsively collect shiny objects.	AAAAAA==
514013	Obariyon	A "piggyback monster" of Japan that jumps on the backs of those who pass grassy paths. It is heavy and not easily removed	 but will turn into gold coins if you can carry it back home.	AAAAAA==
514014	Obariyon	A "piggyback monster" of Japan that jumps on the backs of those who pass grassy paths. It is heavy and not easily removed	 but will turn into gold coins if you can carry it back home.	AAAAAA==
514021	Orobas	One of the 72 demons of the Goetia. Known as the Prince of Hell	 he appears as a horse and answers questions of the past	 present	 and future. He is faithful to his conjurer.	AAAAAA==
514022	Orobas	One of the 72 demons of the Goetia. Known as the Prince of Hell	 he appears as a horse and answers questions of the past	 present	 and future. He is faithful to his conjurer.	AAAAAA==
514023	Koppa Tengu	A type of tengu. Their spiritual power is weaker than other tengu	 so they are much smaller. They are said to be the reincarnations of long-lived wolves.	AAAAAA==
514024	Koppa Tengu	A type of tengu. Their spiritual power is weaker than other tengu	 so they are much smaller. They are said to be the reincarnations of long-lived wolves.	AAAAAA==
514031	Eligor	One of the 72 demons of the Goetia. He looks like a knight and has the power to see things to come. He also knows much about war.	AAAAAA==
514032	Orobas	One of the 72 demons of the Goetia. Known as the Prince of Hell	 he appears as a horse and answers questions of the past	 present	 and future. He is faithful to his conjurer.	AAAAAA==
514033	Orobas	One of the 72 demons of the Goetia. Known as the Prince of Hell	 he appears as a horse and answers questions of the past	 present	 and future. He is faithful to his conjurer.	AAAAAA==
514034	Kushi Mitama	One of the four aspects of Shinto thought	 it uses its power to bring blessings related to healing illnesses and staying healthy. It is said to have supernatural powers and cause mysterious events.	AAAAAA==
514035	Kushi Mitama	One of the four aspects of Shinto thought	 it uses its power to bring blessings related to healing illnesses and staying healthy. It is said to have supernatural powers and cause mysterious events.	AAAAAA==
514041	Eligor	One of the 72 demons of the Goetia. He looks like a knight and has the power to see things to come. He also knows much about war.	AAAAAA==
514042	Eligor	One of the 72 demons of the Goetia. He looks like a knight and has the power to see things to come. He also knows much about war.	AAAAAA==
514043	Nekomata	Long-lived cats are said to become these malevolent cat demons. Their powers vary according to how long they have lived	 ranging from shape-shifting to controlling the dead.	AAAAAA==
514044	Nekomata	Long-lived cats are said to become these malevolent cat demons. Their powers vary according to how long they have lived	 ranging from shape-shifting to controlling the dead.	AAAAAA==
514051	Yaksini	A female demon in Hindu lore. Though originally a Dravidian fertility goddess	 the spread of Hinduism changed perception of her to a demonic figure. Usually depicted as a nude	 voluptuous female.	AAAAAA==
514052	Yaksini	A female demon in Hindu lore. Though originally a Dravidian fertility goddess	 the spread of Hinduism changed perception of her to a demonic figure. Usually depicted as a nude	 voluptuous female.	AAAAAA==
514053	Ame-no-Uzume	Japanese goddess of entertainment	 she governs many sacred dances. She is most famous for luring out Amaterasu	 who had barricaded herself inside a cave.	AAAAAA==
514054	Ame-no-Uzume	Japanese goddess of entertainment	 she governs many sacred dances. She is most famous for luring out Amaterasu	 who had barricaded herself inside a cave.	AAAAAA==
514061	Oni	An evil monster from Japanese lore known for its hideous visage and brute strength. They loot and plunder villages	 massacring the townspeople with their iron clubs. They have horns on their heads	 red skin	 long claws	 and razor-sharp teeth.	AAAAAA==
514062	Nekomata	Long-lived cats are said to become these malevolent cat demons. Their powers vary according to how long they have lived	 ranging from shape-shifting to controlling the dead.	AAAAAA==
514063	Nekomata	Long-lived cats are said to become these malevolent cat demons. Their powers vary according to how long they have lived	 ranging from shape-shifting to controlling the dead.	AAAAAA==
514071	Fuu-Ki	One of the four oni controlled by Fujiwara no Chikata	 it sends hurricanes to blow away its enemies. Some say that Fuu-Ki is the original ninja.	AAAAAA==
514072	Sudama	A spirit of rivers and mountains in Japanese lore	 it dwells in ancient trees and ageless rocks. They are not evil	 and will often appear as humans or supernatural wonders to warn people.	AAAAAA==
514073	Sudama	A spirit of rivers and mountains in Japanese lore	 it dwells in ancient trees and ageless rocks. They are not evil	 and will often appear as humans or supernatural wonders to warn people.	AAAAAA==
514081	Sui-Ki	One of the four oni controlled by Fujiwara no Chikata	 it can cause floods with the swing of its arms. In the Taiheiki	 Ki no Tomoo expelled the oni by reading a Japanese poem.	AAAAAA==
514082	Ame-no-Uzume	Japanese goddess of entertainment	 she governs many sacred dances. She is most famous for luring out Amaterasu	 who had barricaded herself inside a cave.	AAAAAA==
514083	Ame-no-Uzume	Japanese goddess of entertainment	 she governs many sacred dances. She is most famous for luring out Amaterasu	 who had barricaded herself inside a cave.	AAAAAA==
514091	Kin-Ki	One of the four oni controlled by Fujiwara no Chikata	 its body is so hard that no weapons can penetrate it. It and its comrades fell into hell through holes that can still be found in modern Iga.	AAAAAA==
514092	Oni	An evil monster from Japanese lore known for its hideous visage and brute strength. They loot and plunder villages	 massacring the townspeople with their iron clubs. They have horns on their heads	 red skin	 long claws	 and razor-sharp teeth.	AAAAAA==
514093	Oni	An evil monster from Japanese lore known for its hideous visage and brute strength. They loot and plunder villages	 massacring the townspeople with their iron clubs. They have horns on their heads	 red skin	 long claws	 and razor-sharp teeth.	AAAAAA==
514101	Bishamonten	Also known as Tamonten and Vaishravana in Buddhist lore	 he is the strongest of the Heavenly Kings. He protects the North and is the god of war.	Each turn the Four Heavenly Kings will focus their Death Stare on 1 random Phantom Thief. They will prioritize attacking the Phantom Thief under the Death Stare.
514102	Koumokuten	Also known as Virupaksha	 he is the protector of the West	 and is one of the four Heavenly Kings of Buddhist origin. He keeps a close watch on the world with his sharp gaze.	AAAAAA==
514103	Zouchouten	Also known as Virudhaka	 he is the protector of the South	 and is one of the four Heavenly Kings of Buddhist origin. He is the god of the five grains	 and was once the chief of the gods.	AAAAAA==
514104	Jikokuten	Also known as Dhritarashtra	 he is the protector of the East	 and is one of the four Heavenly Kings of Buddhist origin. He helps maintain the security of the nation.	AAAAAA==
514111	Titania	The queen of the fairies and Oberon's wife. She is derived from the Roman goddess Diana. She was later immortalized in Shakespeare's play "A Midsummer Night's Dream."	1. Each turn	 Titania gains 2 Fairy Power.
2. Titania loses 1 Fairy Power each time she takes a Physical attack.
3. Before the start of her turn	 Titania spends all Fairy Power to activate Fairy Curse	 decreasing all Phantom Thieves' damage by 15% for each Fairy Power spent.
515011	Slime	A primitive monster with a viscous body. There are various theories as to its origin	 but it is still under debate. Said to compulsively collect shiny objects.	AAAAAA==
515012	Slime	A primitive monster with a viscous body. There are various theories as to its origin	 but it is still under debate. Said to compulsively collect shiny objects.	AAAAAA==
515013	Obariyon	A "piggyback monster" of Japan that jumps on the backs of those who pass grassy paths. It is heavy and not easily removed	 but will turn into gold coins if you can carry it back home.	AAAAAA==
515014	Obariyon	A "piggyback monster" of Japan that jumps on the backs of those who pass grassy paths. It is heavy and not easily removed	 but will turn into gold coins if you can carry it back home.	AAAAAA==
515021	Orobas	One of the 72 demons of the Goetia. Known as the Prince of Hell	 he appears as a horse and answers questions of the past	 present	 and future. He is faithful to his conjurer.	AAAAAA==
515022	Orobas	One of the 72 demons of the Goetia. Known as the Prince of Hell	 he appears as a horse and answers questions of the past	 present	 and future. He is faithful to his conjurer.	AAAAAA==
515023	Koppa Tengu	A type of tengu. Their spiritual power is weaker than other tengu	 so they are much smaller. They are said to be the reincarnations of long-lived wolves.	AAAAAA==
515024	Koppa Tengu	A type of tengu. Their spiritual power is weaker than other tengu	 so they are much smaller. They are said to be the reincarnations of long-lived wolves.	AAAAAA==
515031	Eligor	One of the 72 demons of the Goetia. He looks like a knight and has the power to see things to come. He also knows much about war.	AAAAAA==
515032	Orobas	One of the 72 demons of the Goetia. Known as the Prince of Hell	 he appears as a horse and answers questions of the past	 present	 and future. He is faithful to his conjurer.	AAAAAA==
515033	Orobas	One of the 72 demons of the Goetia. Known as the Prince of Hell	 he appears as a horse and answers questions of the past	 present	 and future. He is faithful to his conjurer.	AAAAAA==
515034	Kushi Mitama	One of the four aspects of Shinto thought	 it uses its power to bring blessings related to healing illnesses and staying healthy. It is said to have supernatural powers and cause mysterious events.	AAAAAA==
515035	Kushi Mitama	One of the four aspects of Shinto thought	 it uses its power to bring blessings related to healing illnesses and staying healthy. It is said to have supernatural powers and cause mysterious events.	AAAAAA==
515041	Eligor	One of the 72 demons of the Goetia. He looks like a knight and has the power to see things to come. He also knows much about war.	AAAAAA==
515042	Eligor	One of the 72 demons of the Goetia. He looks like a knight and has the power to see things to come. He also knows much about war.	AAAAAA==
515043	Nekomata	Long-lived cats are said to become these malevolent cat demons. Their powers vary according to how long they have lived	 ranging from shape-shifting to controlling the dead.	AAAAAA==
515044	Nekomata	Long-lived cats are said to become these malevolent cat demons. Their powers vary according to how long they have lived	 ranging from shape-shifting to controlling the dead.	AAAAAA==
515051	Yaksini	A female demon in Hindu lore. Though originally a Dravidian fertility goddess	 the spread of Hinduism changed perception of her to a demonic figure. Usually depicted as a nude	 voluptuous female.	AAAAAA==
515052	Yaksini	A female demon in Hindu lore. Though originally a Dravidian fertility goddess	 the spread of Hinduism changed perception of her to a demonic figure. Usually depicted as a nude	 voluptuous female.	AAAAAA==
515053	Ame-no-Uzume	Japanese goddess of entertainment	 she governs many sacred dances. She is most famous for luring out Amaterasu	 who had barricaded herself inside a cave.	AAAAAA==
515054	Ame-no-Uzume	Japanese goddess of entertainment	 she governs many sacred dances. She is most famous for luring out Amaterasu	 who had barricaded herself inside a cave.	AAAAAA==
515061	Oni	An evil monster from Japanese lore known for its hideous visage and brute strength. They loot and plunder villages	 massacring the townspeople with their iron clubs. They have horns on their heads	 red skin	 long claws	 and razor-sharp teeth.	AAAAAA==
515062	Nekomata	Long-lived cats are said to become these malevolent cat demons. Their powers vary according to how long they have lived	 ranging from shape-shifting to controlling the dead.	AAAAAA==
515063	Nekomata	Long-lived cats are said to become these malevolent cat demons. Their powers vary according to how long they have lived	 ranging from shape-shifting to controlling the dead.	AAAAAA==
515071	Fuu-Ki	One of the four oni controlled by Fujiwara no Chikata	 it sends hurricanes to blow away its enemies. Some say that Fuu-ki is the original ninja.	AAAAAA==
515072	Sudama	A spirit of rivers and mountains in Japanese lore	 it dwells in ancient trees and ageless rocks. They are not evil	 and will often appear as humans or supernatural wonders to warn people.	AAAAAA==
515073	Sudama	A spirit of rivers and mountains in Japanese lore	 it dwells in ancient trees and ageless rocks. They are not evil	 and will often appear as humans or supernatural wonders to warn people.	AAAAAA==
515081	Sui-Ki	One of the four oni controlled by Fujiwara no Chikata	 it can cause floods with the swing of its arms. In the Taiheiki	 Ki no Tomoo expelled the oni by reading a Japanese poem.	AAAAAA==
515082	Ame-no-Uzume	Japanese goddess of entertainment	 she governs many sacred dances. She is most famous for luring out Amaterasu	 who had barricaded herself inside a cave.	AAAAAA==
515083	Ame-no-Uzume	Japanese goddess of entertainment	 she governs many sacred dances. She is most famous for luring out Amaterasu	 who had barricaded herself inside a cave.	AAAAAA==
515091	Kin-Ki	One of the four oni controlled by Fujiwara no Chikata	 its body is so hard that no weapons can penetrate it. It and its comrades fell into hell through holes that can still be found in modern Iga.	AAAAAA==
515092	Oni	An evil monster from Japanese lore known for its hideous visage and brute strength. They loot and plunder villages	 massacring the townspeople with their iron clubs. They have horns on their heads	 red skin	 long claws	 and razor-sharp teeth.	AAAAAA==
515093	Oni	An evil monster from Japanese lore known for its hideous visage and brute strength. They loot and plunder villages	 massacring the townspeople with their iron clubs. They have horns on their heads	 red skin	 long claws	 and razor-sharp teeth.	AAAAAA==
515101	Quetzalcoatl	An Aztec deity known as the Feathered Serpent. He created humans with his own blood and taught them how to sustain themselves.	Quetzalcoatl forms a Soul Link with all Yurlungurs.
Soul Link: Distributes all damage received between all Shadows who share this condition	 based on the percentage of their current HP.
515102	Yurlungur	A snake with a rainbow body from Murngin lore. He is a fertility deity who controls the weather and resides in a holy pond filled with rainbow-colored water.	AAAAAA==
515103	Yurlungur	A snake with a rainbow body from Murngin lore. He is a fertility deity who controls the weather and resides in a holy pond filled with rainbow-colored water.	AAAAAA==
515104	Yurlungur	A snake with a rainbow body from Murngin lore. He is a fertility deity who controls the weather and resides in a holy pond filled with rainbow-colored water.	AAAAAA==
515105	Yurlungur	A snake with a rainbow body from Murngin lore. He is a fertility deity who controls the weather and resides in a holy pond filled with rainbow-colored water.	AAAAAA==
515111	Titania	The queen of the fairies and Oberon's wife. She is derived from the Roman goddess Diana. She was later immortalized in Shakespeare's play "A Midsummer Night's Dream."	1. Each turn	 Titania gains 2 Fairy Power.
2. Titania loses 1 Fairy Power each time she takes a Physical attack.
3. Before the start of her turn	 Titania spends all Fairy Power to activate Fairy Curse	 decreasing all Phantom Thieves' damage by 15% for each Fairy Power spent.
516011	Slime	A primitive monster with a viscous body. There are various theories as to its origin	 but it is still under debate. Said to compulsively collect shiny objects.	AAAAAA==
516012	Slime	A primitive monster with a viscous body. There are various theories as to its origin	 but it is still under debate. Said to compulsively collect shiny objects.	AAAAAA==
516013	Obariyon	A "piggyback monster" of Japan that jumps on the backs of those who pass grassy paths. It is heavy and not easily removed	 but will turn into gold coins if you can carry it back home.	AAAAAA==
516014	Obariyon	A "piggyback monster" of Japan that jumps on the backs of those who pass grassy paths. It is heavy and not easily removed	 but will turn into gold coins if you can carry it back home.	AAAAAA==
516021	Orobas	One of the 72 demons of the Goetia. Known as the Prince of Hell	 he appears as a horse and answers questions of the past	 present	 and future. He is faithful to his conjurer.	AAAAAA==
516022	Orobas	One of the 72 demons of the Goetia. Known as the Prince of Hell	 he appears as a horse and answers questions of the past	 present	 and future. He is faithful to his conjurer.	AAAAAA==
516023	Koppa Tengu	A type of tengu. Their spiritual power is weaker than other tengu	 so they are much smaller. They are said to be the reincarnations of long-lived wolves.	AAAAAA==
516024	Koppa Tengu	A type of tengu. Their spiritual power is weaker than other tengu	 so they are much smaller. They are said to be the reincarnations of long-lived wolves.	AAAAAA==
516031	Eligor	One of the 72 demons of the Goetia. He looks like a knight and has the power to see things to come. He also knows much about war.	AAAAAA==
516032	Orobas	One of the 72 demons of the Goetia. Known as the Prince of Hell	 he appears as a horse and answers questions of the past	 present	 and future. He is faithful to his conjurer.	AAAAAA==
516033	Orobas	One of the 72 demons of the Goetia. Known as the Prince of Hell	 he appears as a horse and answers questions of the past	 present	 and future. He is faithful to his conjurer.	AAAAAA==
516034	Kushi Mitama	One of the four aspects of Shinto thought	 it uses its power to bring blessings related to healing illnesses and staying healthy. It is said to have supernatural powers and cause mysterious events.	AAAAAA==
516035	Kushi Mitama	One of the four aspects of Shinto thought	 it uses its power to bring blessings related to healing illnesses and staying healthy. It is said to have supernatural powers and cause mysterious events.	AAAAAA==
516041	Eligor	One of the 72 demons of the Goetia. He looks like a knight and has the power to see things to come. He also knows much about war.	AAAAAA==
516042	Eligor	One of the 72 demons of the Goetia. He looks like a knight and has the power to see things to come. He also knows much about war.	AAAAAA==
516043	Nekomata	Long-lived cats are said to become these malevolent cat demons. Their powers vary according to how long they have lived	 ranging from shape-shifting to controlling the dead.	AAAAAA==
516044	Nekomata	Long-lived cats are said to become these malevolent cat demons. Their powers vary according to how long they have lived	 ranging from shape-shifting to controlling the dead.	AAAAAA==
516051	Yaksini	A female demon in Hindu lore. Though originally a Dravidian fertility goddess	 the spread of Hinduism changed perception of her to a demonic figure. Usually depicted as a nude	 voluptuous female.	AAAAAA==
516052	Yaksini	A female demon in Hindu lore. Though originally a Dravidian fertility goddess	 the spread of Hinduism changed perception of her to a demonic figure. Usually depicted as a nude	 voluptuous female.	AAAAAA==
516053	Ame-no-Uzume	Japanese goddess of entertainment	 she governs many sacred dances. She is most famous for luring out Amaterasu	 who had barricaded herself inside a cave.	AAAAAA==
516054	Ame-no-Uzume	Japanese goddess of entertainment	 she governs many sacred dances. She is most famous for luring out Amaterasu	 who had barricaded herself inside a cave.	AAAAAA==
516061	Oni	An evil monster from Japanese lore known for its hideous visage and brute strength. They loot and plunder villages	 massacring the townspeople with their iron clubs. They have horns on their heads	 red skin	 long claws	 and razor-sharp teeth.	AAAAAA==
516062	Nekomata	Long-lived cats are said to become these malevolent cat demons. Their powers vary according to how long they have lived	 ranging from shape-shifting to controlling the dead.	AAAAAA==
516063	Nekomata	Long-lived cats are said to become these malevolent cat demons. Their powers vary according to how long they have lived	 ranging from shape-shifting to controlling the dead.	AAAAAA==
516071	Fuu-Ki	One of the four oni controlled by Fujiwara no Chikata	 it sends hurricanes to blow away its enemies. Some say that Fuu-ki is the original ninja.	AAAAAA==
516072	Sudama	A spirit of rivers and mountains in Japanese lore	 it dwells in ancient trees and ageless rocks. They are not evil	 and will often appear as humans or supernatural wonders to warn people.	AAAAAA==
516073	Sudama	A spirit of rivers and mountains in Japanese lore	 it dwells in ancient trees and ageless rocks. They are not evil	 and will often appear as humans or supernatural wonders to warn people.	AAAAAA==
516081	Sui-Ki	One of the four oni controlled by Fujiwara no Chikata	 it can cause floods with the swing of its arms. In the Taiheiki	 Ki no Tomoo expelled the oni by reading a Japanese poem.	AAAAAA==
516082	Ame-no-Uzume	Japanese goddess of entertainment	 she governs many sacred dances. She is most famous for luring out Amaterasu	 who had barricaded herself inside a cave.	AAAAAA==
516083	Ame-no-Uzume	Japanese goddess of entertainment	 she governs many sacred dances. She is most famous for luring out Amaterasu	 who had barricaded herself inside a cave.	AAAAAA==
516091	Kin-Ki	One of the four oni controlled by Fujiwara no Chikata	 its body is so hard that no weapons can penetrate it. It and its comrades fell into hell through holes that can still be found in modern Iga.	AAAAAA==
516092	Oni	An evil monster from Japanese lore known for its hideous visage and brute strength. They loot and plunder villages	 massacring the townspeople with their iron clubs. They have horns on their heads	 red skin	 long claws	 and razor-sharp teeth.	AAAAAA==
516093	Oni	An evil monster from Japanese lore known for its hideous visage and brute strength. They loot and plunder villages	 massacring the townspeople with their iron clubs. They have horns on their heads	 red skin	 long claws	 and razor-sharp teeth.	AAAAAA==
516101	Bishamonten	Also known as Tamonten and Vaishravana in Buddhist lore	 he is the strongest of the Heavenly Kings. He protects the North and is the god of war.	Each turn the Four Heavenly Kings will focus their Death Stare on 1 random Phantom Thief. They will prioritize attacking the Phantom Thief under the Death Stare.
516102	Koumokuten	Also known as Virupaksha	 he is the protector of the West	 and is one of the four Heavenly Kings of Buddhist origin. He keeps a close watch on the world with his sharp gaze.	AAAAAA==
516103	Zouchouten	Also known as Virudhaka	 he is the protector of the South	 and is one of the four Heavenly Kings of Buddhist origin. He is the god of the five grains	 and was once the chief of the gods.	AAAAAA==
516104	Jikokuten	Also known as Dhritarashtra	 he is the protector of the East	 and is one of the four Heavenly Kings of Buddhist origin. He helps maintain the security of the nation.	AAAAAA==
516111	Quetzalcoatl	An Aztec deity known as the Feathered Serpent. He created humans with his own blood and taught them how to sustain themselves.	Quetzalcoatl forms a Soul Link with all Yurlungurs.
Soul Link: Distributes all damage received between all Shadows who share this condition	 based on the percentage of their current HP.
516112	Yurlungur	A snake with a rainbow body from Yolngu lore. He is a fertility deity who controls the weather and resides in a holy pond filled with rainbow-colored water.	AAAAAA==
516113	Yurlungur	A snake with a rainbow body from Yolngu lore. He is a fertility deity who controls the weather and resides in a holy pond filled with rainbow-colored water.	AAAAAA==
516114	Yurlungur	A snake with a rainbow body from Yolngu lore. He is a fertility deity who controls the weather and resides in a holy pond filled with rainbow-colored water.	AAAAAA==
516115	Yurlungur	A snake with a rainbow body from Yolngu lore. He is a fertility deity who controls the weather and resides in a holy pond filled with rainbow-colored water.	AAAAAA==
517011	Slime	A primitive monster with a viscous body. There are various theories as to its origin	 but it is still under debate. Said to compulsively collect shiny objects.	AAAAAA==
517012	Slime	A primitive monster with a viscous body. There are various theories as to its origin	 but it is still under debate. Said to compulsively collect shiny objects.	AAAAAA==
517013	Obariyon	A "piggyback monster" of Japan that jumps on the backs of those who pass grassy paths. It is heavy and not easily removed	 but will turn into gold coins if you can carry it back home.	AAAAAA==
517014	Obariyon	A "piggyback monster" of Japan that jumps on the backs of those who pass grassy paths. It is heavy and not easily removed	 but will turn into gold coins if you can carry it back home.	AAAAAA==
517021	Orobas	One of the 72 demons of the Goetia. Known as the Prince of Hell	 he appears as a horse and answers questions of the past	 present	 and future. He is faithful to his conjurer.	AAAAAA==
517022	Orobas	One of the 72 demons of the Goetia. Known as the Prince of Hell	 he appears as a horse and answers questions of the past	 present	 and future. He is faithful to his conjurer.	AAAAAA==
517023	Koppa Tengu	A type of tengu. Their spiritual power is weaker than other tengu	 so they are much smaller. They are said to be the reincarnations of long-lived wolves.	AAAAAA==
517024	Koppa Tengu	A type of tengu. Their spiritual power is weaker than other tengu	 so they are much smaller. They are said to be the reincarnations of long-lived wolves.	AAAAAA==
517031	Eligor	One of the 72 demons of the Goetia. He looks like a knight and has the power to see things to come. He also knows much about war.	AAAAAA==
517032	Orobas	One of the 72 demons of the Goetia. Known as the Prince of Hell	 he appears as a horse and answers questions of the past	 present	 and future. He is faithful to his conjurer.	AAAAAA==
517033	Orobas	One of the 72 demons of the Goetia. Known as the Prince of Hell	 he appears as a horse and answers questions of the past	 present	 and future. He is faithful to his conjurer.	AAAAAA==
517034	Kushi Mitama	One of the four aspects of Shinto thought	 it uses its power to bring blessings related to healing illnesses and staying healthy. It is said to have supernatural powers and cause mysterious events.	AAAAAA==
517035	Kushi Mitama	One of the four aspects of Shinto thought	 it uses its power to bring blessings related to healing illnesses and staying healthy. It is said to have supernatural powers and cause mysterious events.	AAAAAA==
517041	Eligor	One of the 72 demons of the Goetia. He looks like a knight and has the power to see things to come. He also knows much about war.	AAAAAA==
517042	Eligor	One of the 72 demons of the Goetia. He looks like a knight and has the power to see things to come. He also knows much about war.	AAAAAA==
517043	Nekomata	Long-lived cats are said to become these malevolent cat demons. Their powers vary according to how long they have lived	 ranging from shape-shifting to controlling the dead.	AAAAAA==
517044	Nekomata	Long-lived cats are said to become these malevolent cat demons. Their powers vary according to how long they have lived	 ranging from shape-shifting to controlling the dead.	AAAAAA==
517051	Yaksini	A female demon in Hindu lore. Though originally a Dravidian fertility goddess	 the spread of Hinduism changed perception of her to a demonic figure. Usually depicted as a nude	 voluptuous female.	AAAAAA==
517052	Yaksini	A female demon in Hindu lore. Though originally a Dravidian fertility goddess	 the spread of Hinduism changed perception of her to a demonic figure. Usually depicted as a nude	 voluptuous female.	AAAAAA==
517053	Ame-no-Uzume	Japanese goddess of entertainment	 she governs many sacred dances. She is most famous for luring out Amaterasu	 who had barricaded herself inside a cave.	AAAAAA==
517054	Ame-no-Uzume	Japanese goddess of entertainment	 she governs many sacred dances. She is most famous for luring out Amaterasu	 who had barricaded herself inside a cave.	AAAAAA==
517061	Oni	An evil monster from Japanese lore known for its hideous visage and brute strength. They loot and plunder villages	 massacring the townspeople with their iron clubs. They have horns on their heads	 red skin	 long claws	 and razor-sharp teeth.	AAAAAA==
517062	Nekomata	Long-lived cats are said to become these malevolent cat demons. Their powers vary according to how long they have lived	 ranging from shape-shifting to controlling the dead.	AAAAAA==
517063	Nekomata	Long-lived cats are said to become these malevolent cat demons. Their powers vary according to how long they have lived	 ranging from shape-shifting to controlling the dead.	AAAAAA==
517071	Fuu-Ki	One of the four oni controlled by Fujiwara no Chikata	 it sends hurricanes to blow away its enemies. Some say that Fuu-ki is the original ninja.	AAAAAA==
517072	Sudama	A spirit of rivers and mountains in Japanese lore	 it dwells in ancient trees and ageless rocks. They are not evil	 and will often appear as humans or supernatural wonders to warn people.	AAAAAA==
517073	Sudama	A spirit of rivers and mountains in Japanese lore	 it dwells in ancient trees and ageless rocks. They are not evil	 and will often appear as humans or supernatural wonders to warn people.	AAAAAA==
517081	Sui-Ki	One of the four oni controlled by Fujiwara no Chikata	 it can cause floods with the swing of its arms. In the Taiheiki	 Ki no Tomoo expelled the oni by reading a Japanese poem.	AAAAAA==
517082	Ame-no-Uzume	Japanese goddess of entertainment	 she governs many sacred dances. She is most famous for luring out Amaterasu	 who had barricaded herself inside a cave.	AAAAAA==
517083	Ame-no-Uzume	Japanese goddess of entertainment	 she governs many sacred dances. She is most famous for luring out Amaterasu	 who had barricaded herself inside a cave.	AAAAAA==
517091	Kin-Ki	One of the four oni controlled by Fujiwara no Chikata	 its body is so hard that no weapons can penetrate it. It and its comrades fell into hell through holes that can still be found in modern Iga.	AAAAAA==
517092	Oni	An evil monster from Japanese lore known for its hideous visage and brute strength. They loot and plunder villages	 massacring the townspeople with their iron clubs. They have horns on their heads	 red skin	 long claws	 and razor-sharp teeth.	AAAAAA==
517093	Oni	An evil monster from Japanese lore known for its hideous visage and brute strength. They loot and plunder villages	 massacring the townspeople with their iron clubs. They have horns on their heads	 red skin	 long claws	 and razor-sharp teeth.	AAAAAA==
517101	Melchizedek	An angel of Gnosticism	 governing over peace and righteousness. Though said to be the savior of the angels	 he used to be a human	 the king of Salem.	1. Melchizedek gains 6 stacks of Divine Protection each turn
2. Decrease damage taken by 5% for each stack of Divine Protection.  Whenever Melchizedek takes damage from a skill or Resonance	 lose 1 Divine Protection.
3. When Melchizedek has lost all stacks of Divine Protection	 give all Phantom Thieves Divine Blessing	 which increases damage dealt.
517111	Bishamonten	Also known as Tamonten and Vaishravana in Buddhist lore	 he is the strongest of the Heavenly Kings. He protects the North and is the god of war.	Each turn the Four Heavenly Kings will focus their Death Stare on 1 random Phantom Thief. They will prioritize attacking the Phantom Thief under the Death Stare.
517112	Koumokuten	Also known as Virupaksha	 he is the protector of the West	 and is one of the four Heavenly Kings of Buddhist origin. He keeps a close watch on the world with his sharp gaze.	AAAAAA==
517113	Zouchouten	Also known as Virudhaka	 he is the protector of the South	 and is one of the four Heavenly Kings of Buddhist origin. He is the god of the five grains	 and was once the chief of the gods.	AAAAAA==
517114	Jikokuten	Also known as Dhritarashtra	 he is the protector of the East	 and is one of the four Heavenly Kings of Buddhist origin. He helps maintain the security of the nation.	AAAAAA==
920011	Red Rider	One of the Four Horsemen of the Apocalypse	 he rides a red horse and carries a great sword. He has the power to destroy peace and make men slay one another.	AAAAAA==
920012	Black Ooze	A mass of malevolent intent and emotion that failed to become a true demon. All it does is eat	 prey	 and grow.	AAAAAA==
920013	Black Ooze	A mass of malevolent intent and emotion that failed to become a true demon. All it does is eat	 prey	 and grow.	AAAAAA==
920021	Pale Rider	One of the Four Horsemen of the Apocalypse	 he rides a pale horse and represents death. He has the power to destroy life.	AAAAAA==
920111	Pixie	Friendly fairies of the forest that tend to hide from humans. They like to play tricks on lazy people. It is said they are the souls of dead	 unbaptized children.	AAAAAA==
920112	Pixie	Friendly fairies of the forest that tend to hide from humans. They like to play tricks on lazy people. It is said they are the souls of dead	 unbaptized children.	AAAAAA==
920113	Pixie	Friendly fairies of the forest that tend to hide from humans. They like to play tricks on lazy people. It is said they are the souls of dead	 unbaptized children.	AAAAAA==
920114	Orthrus	The two-headed pet dog belonging to the giant Geryon of Greek myth. He guarded a herd of red oxen but was killed by Hercules during one of his twelve labors.	AAAAAA==
920115	Orthrus	The two-headed pet dog belonging to the giant Geryon of Greek myth. He guarded a herd of red oxen but was killed by Hercules during one of his twelve labors.	AAAAAA==
920211	Archangel	Eighth of the nine orders of angels. Their duty is to minister to humans and deliver messages. They are warriors of Heaven and lead Heaven's forces during battle with the armies of evil.	AAAAAA==
920212	Power	The sixth of the nine orders of angels. It is said that they were the first order to be created. Their duty is to protect human souls from demons.	AAAAAA==
920213	Principality	The seventh of the nine orders of angels. They guard cities and nations	 and protect various religious figures.	AAAAAA==
920214	Angel	Ninth of the nineorders of angels.They are closest in nature to humans.They watch over individuals and warn those who stray from the path.	AAAAAA==
920215	Angel	Ninth of the nineorders of angels.They are closest in nature to humans.They watch over individuals and warn those who stray from the path.	AAAAAA==
920311	King Frost	The king of snow who rules over an infinite number of Jack Frosts. He has the power to freeze the entire world	 but is unaware of it due to his naïve personality.	AAAAAA==
920411	Shiki-Ouji	An exceptionally powerful shikigami. Only the most elite onmyoji are able to summon and bind it to paper. It can ward off disaster or cure illness	 but its ordinary temperament is quite vicious.	AAAAAA==
920511	Oberon	The king of the fairies and Titania's husband. He is quite old but	 due to a curse	 his looks are that of a young boy. He often flirts with human women	 which sometimes earns him a scolding from his wife.	AAAAAA==
920611	Inugami	A dog spirit said to possess people in Japanese lore. Those possessed are in a state of "inu-tsuki" and lose consciousness. Onmyoji use Inugami as familiars.	AAAAAA==
920612	Inugami	A dog spirit said to possess people in Japanese lore. Those possessed are in a state of "inu-tsuki" and lose consciousness. Onmyoji use Inugami as familiars.	AAAAAA==
920613	Inugami	A dog spirit said to possess people in Japanese lore. Those possessed are in a state of "inu-tsuki" and lose consciousness. Onmyoji use Inugami as familiars.	AAAAAA==
920711	Archangel	Eighth of the nine orders of angels. Their duty is to minister to humans and deliver messages. They are warriors of Heaven and lead Heaven's forces during battle with the armies of evil.	AAAAAA==
920712	Power	The sixth of the nine orders of angels. It is said that they were the first order to be created. Their duty is to protect human souls from demons.	AAAAAA==
920713	Principality	The seventh of the nine orders of angels. They guard cities and nations	 and protect various religious figures.	AAAAAA==
920714	Angel	Ninth of the nineorders of angels.They are closest in nature to humans.They watch over individuals and warn those who stray from the path.	AAAAAA==
920715	Angel	Ninth of the nineorders of angels.They are closest in nature to humans.They watch over individuals and warn those who stray from the path.	AAAAAA==
920811	Lilim	A demon who tempts sleeping men and attacks infants. She is the daughter of the demoness	 Lilith. Like her mother	 she drains men of their essence.	AAAAAA==
920812	Lilim	A demon who tempts sleeping men and attacks infants. She is the daughter of the demoness	 Lilith. Like her mother	 she drains men of their essence.	AAAAAA==
920813	Lilim	A demon who tempts sleeping men and attacks infants. She is the daughter of the demoness	 Lilith. Like her mother	 she drains men of their essence.	AAAAAA==
920814	Lilim	A demon who tempts sleeping men and attacks infants. She is the daughter of the demoness	 Lilith. Like her mother	 she drains men of their essence.	AAAAAA==
920911	Take-Minakata	A Japanese god of war	 hunting and fertility. He fought Take-Mikazuchi for control of Japan and lost. He escaped to Suwa	 but has been prohibited to leave since then.	AAAAAA==
920912	Yurlungur	A snake with a rainbow body from Murngin lore. He is a fertility deity who controls the weather and resides in a holy pond filled with rainbow-colored water.	AAAAAA==
920913	Yurlungur	A snake with a rainbow body from Yolngu lore. He is a fertility deity who controls the weather and resides in a holy pond filled with rainbow-colored water.	AAAAAA==
920914	Yurlungur	A snake with a rainbow body from Yolngu lore. He is a fertility deity who controls the weather and resides in a holy pond filled with rainbow-colored water.	AAAAAA==
920915	Yurlungur	A snake with a rainbow body from Yolngu lore. He is a fertility deity who controls the weather and resides in a holy pond filled with rainbow-colored water.	AAAAAA==
921011	Fuu-Ki	One of the four oni controlled by Fujiwara no Chikata	 it sends hurricanes to blow away its enemies. Some say that Fuu-Ki is the original ninja.	AAAAAA==
921012	Fuu-Ki	One of the four oni controlled by Fujiwara no Chikata	 it sends hurricanes to blow away its enemies. Some say that Fuu-Ki is the original ninja.	AAAAAA==
921111	Decarabia	One of the 72 demons of the Goetia	 this demon appears as a pentacle. Keeper of jewels and herbal lore	 Decarabia is said to have the ability to shape-shift at will.	AAAAAA==
921211	Anubis	The jackal-headed god of the dead and embalming from Egyptian myth. He weighs the hearts of the dead to determine their final destination.	AAAAAA==
921212	Lamia	A half-human	 half-snake female monster of Greek myth	 she was once the queen of Libya. Zeus's jealous wife	 Hera	 killed her children	 causing her to go mad and transform into a monster.	AAAAAA==
921213	Lamia	A half-human	 half-snake female monster of Greek myth	 she was once the queen of Libya. Zeus's jealous wife	 Hera	 killed her children	 causing her to go mad and transform into a monster.	AAAAAA==
921311	Kurama Tengu	A type of tengu said to have lived on Mt. Kurama in Kyoto. The most powerful and well-known of the tengu	 they have the power to fend off disease and bring good fortune.	AAAAAA==
921312	Sudama	A spirit of rivers and mountains in Japanese lore	 it dwells in ancient trees and ageless rocks. They are not evil	 and will often appear as humans or supernatural wonders to warn people.	AAAAAA==
921313	Sudama	A spirit of rivers and mountains in Japanese lore	 it dwells in ancient trees and ageless rocks. They are not evil	 and will often appear as humans or supernatural wonders to warn people.	AAAAAA==
921411	Arahabaki	A mysterious god of ancient Japan. Most famously worshipped by Nagasunehiko	 who was defeated in battle against Emperor Jinmu	 Arahabaki came to be treated as a symbol of rebellion and defiance.	AAAAAA==
921412	Mithras	A sun deity who was worshipped in the Roman Empire from the 1st to the 4th century AD. He was said to be reborn after death	 and a festival was held on the winter solstice for him.	AAAAAA==
921413	Mithras	A sun deity who was worshipped in the Roman Empire from the 1st to the 4th century AD. He was said to be reborn after death	 and a festival was held on the winter solstice for him.	AAAAAA==
921511	Queen Mab	The fairy queen in Celtic myth. Often identified with Titania. She would offer mead mixed with her blood to her many consorts.	AAAAAA==
921521	Ippon-Datara	A one-eyed	 one-legged monster said to live deep in the mountains of Kumano	 Japan. It's believed to be the degraded blacksmith god	 Ame no Me-Hitotsu no Kami.	AAAAAA==
921522	Ippon-Datara	A one-eyed	 one-legged monster said to live deep in the mountains of Kumano	 Japan. It's believed to be the degraded blacksmith god	 Ame no Me-Hitotsu no Kami.	AAAAAA==
930011	Sui-Ki	One of the four oni controlled by Fujiwara no Chikata	 it can cause floods with the swing of its arms. In the Taiheiki	 Ki no Tomoo expelled the oni by reading a Japanese poem.	AAAAAA==
930012	Sui-Ki	One of the four oni controlled by Fujiwara no Chikata	 it can cause floods with the swing of its arms. In the Taiheiki	 Ki no Tomoo expelled the oni by reading a Japanese poem.	AAAAAA==
930013	Sui-Ki	One of the four oni controlled by Fujiwara no Chikata	 it can cause floods with the swing of its arms. In the Taiheiki	 Ki no Tomoo expelled the oni by reading a Japanese poem.	AAAAAA==
930021	Naga	Half-snake	 half-human divine beings in Hindu lore	 worshipped as bringers of rain. They live in the bottoms of lakes and seas	 singing and dancing when they are not fighting.	AAAAAA==
930022	Naga	Half-snake	 half-human divine beings in Hindu lore	 worshipped as bringers of rain. They live in the bottoms of lakes and seas	 singing and dancing when they are not fighting.	AAAAAA==
930023	Naga	Half-snake	 half-human divine beings in Hindu lore	 worshipped as bringers of rain. They live in the bottoms of lakes and seas	 singing and dancing when they are not fighting.	AAAAAA==
930024	Naga	Half-snake	 half-human divine beings in Hindu lore	 worshipped as bringers of rain. They live in the bottoms of lakes and seas	 singing and dancing when they are not fighting.	AAAAAA==
930031	Decarabia	One of the 72 demons of the Goetia	 this demon appears as a pentacle. Keeper of jewels and herbal lore	 Decarabia is said to have the ability to shape-shift at will.	AAAAAA==
930032	Decarabia	One of the 72 demons of the Goetia	 this demon appears as a pentacle. Keeper of jewels and herbal lore	 Decarabia is said to have the ability to shape-shift at will.	AAAAAA==
930033	Decarabia	One of the 72 demons of the Goetia	 this demon appears as a pentacle. Keeper of jewels and herbal lore	 Decarabia is said to have the ability to shape-shift at will.	AAAAAA==
930041	Black Ooze	A mass of malevolent intent and emotion that failed to become a true demon. All it does is eat	 prey	 and grow.	AAAAAA==
930042	Black Ooze	A mass of malevolent intent and emotion that failed to become a true demon. All it does is eat	 prey	 and grow.	AAAAAA==
930043	Black Ooze	A mass of malevolent intent and emotion that failed to become a true demon. All it does is eat	 prey	 and grow.	AAAAAA==
930051	Yurlungur	A snake with a rainbow body from Murngin lore. He is a fertility deity who controls the weather and resides in a holy pond filled with rainbow-colored water.	AAAAAA==
930052	Yurlungur	A snake with a rainbow body from Murngin lore. He is a fertility deity who controls the weather and resides in a holy pond filled with rainbow-colored water.	AAAAAA==
930053	Decarabia	One of the 72 demons of the Goetia	 this demon appears as a pentacle. Keeper of jewels and herbal lore	 Decarabia is said to have the ability to shape-shift at will.	AAAAAA==
930054	Decarabia	One of the 72 demons of the Goetia	 this demon appears as a pentacle. Keeper of jewels and herbal lore	 Decarabia is said to have the ability to shape-shift at will.	AAAAAA==
930061	Sui-Ki	One of the four oni controlled by Fujiwara no Chikata	 it can cause floods with the swing of its arms. In the Taiheiki	 Ki no Tomoo expelled the oni by reading a Japanese poem.	AAAAAA==
930062	Black Ooze	A mass of malevolent intent and emotion that failed to become a true demon. All it does is eat	 prey	 and grow.	AAAAAA==
930063	Black Ooze	A mass of malevolent intent and emotion that failed to become a true demon. All it does is eat	 prey	 and grow.	AAAAAA==
930064	Black Ooze	A mass of malevolent intent and emotion that failed to become a true demon. All it does is eat	 prey	 and grow.	AAAAAA==
930065	Black Ooze	A mass of malevolent intent and emotion that failed to become a true demon. All it does is eat	 prey	 and grow.	AAAAAA==
930111	Hell Biker	A motorcyclist whose violent nature turned him into a demon. His anger with himself and the world causes him to lash out	 that everyone else would suffer as well.	AAAAAA==
930112	Lilim	A demon who tempts sleeping men and attacks infants. She is the daughter of the demoness	 Lilith. Like her mother	 she drains men of their essence.	AAAAAA==
930113	Lilim	A demon who tempts sleeping men and attacks infants. She is the daughter of the demoness	 Lilith. Like her mother	 she drains men of their essence.	AAAAAA==
930114	Onmoraki	A monstrous	 fire spitting	 Japanese bird with a man's face. It is actually a corpse that was not given a proper memorial service. They appear before monks who neglect their duties.	AAAAAA==
930115	Onmoraki	A monstrous	 fire spitting	 Japanese bird with a man's face. It is actually a corpse that was not given a proper memorial service. They appear before monks who neglect their duties.	AAAAAA==
930121	Hecatoncheires	Giants born from Uranus and Gaia. The name means "those with a hundred arms." During the war of the Titans	 Zeus freed them from the Underworld to help him obtain victory.	AAAAAA==
930122	Succubus	A female demon of European lore in medieval times. They visit sleeping men and have sexual intercourse with them. The victims don't wake up but may dream of the encounter.	AAAAAA==
930123	Succubus	A female demon of European lore in medieval times. They visit sleeping men and have sexual intercourse with them. The victims don't wake up but may dream of the encounter.	AAAAAA==
930124	Succubus	A female demon of European lore in medieval times. They visit sleeping men and have sexual intercourse with them. The victims don't wake up but may dream of the encounter.	AAAAAA==
930131	Baphomet	A goat-headed demon that is worshipped in Black Sabbaths. His name can be used as a catch-all term for demons in general. He would become an object of worship for witches.	AAAAAA==
930132	Rakshasa	A Hindu demon. He is an enemy of the gods and attacks humans to feed off of them. His hideous appearance strikes fear into those who see him. Rakshasa shape-shifts to deceive his enemies.	AAAAAA==
930133	Rakshasa	A Hindu demon. He is an enemy of the gods and attacks humans to feed off of them. His hideous appearance strikes fear into those who see him. Rakshasa shape-shifts to deceive his enemies.	AAAAAA==
930134	Incubus	A male demon of European lore in medieval times. They visit sleeping women and have sexual intercourse with them. The resulting children become witches or wizards.	AAAAAA==
930135	Incubus	A male demon of European lore in medieval times. They visit sleeping women and have sexual intercourse with them. The resulting children become witches or wizards.	AAAAAA==
930211	Genbu	One of the Ssu-Ling	 celestial creatures of Chinese myth. It represents the direction north	 the season of winter	 and the element of water. Known to be a great warrior	 it supports the Earth from below.	Genbu alternates between two skills	 High Tide and Ebb Tide.
1. Ebb Tide: Inflicts Submerged on 2 Phantom Thieves. Clears all Shadows from the battle and summons 2 Decarabias and 2 Yurlungurs.
2. High Tide: Deals damage to all Phantom Thieves	 and inflicts Submerged on 1 Phantom Thief.
3. Submerged: Deals damage equal to 10% of max HP at the end of each turn. Lasts 4 turns. Stackable.
930212	Decarabia	One of the 72 demons of the Goetia	 this demon appears as a pentacle. Keeper of jewels and herbal lore	 Decarabia is said to have the ability to shape-shift at will.	If defeated	 1 Submerged stack will be be removed from all Phantom Thieves. If not defeated by the time Ebb Tide begins	 1 Submerged stack will be inflicted on all Phantom Thieves.
930213	Yurlungur	A snake with a rainbow body from Yolngu lore. He is a fertility deity who controls the weather and resides in a holy pond filled with rainbow-colored water.	If defeated	 all Phantom Thieves heal 20% of their max HP	 and decrease all Shadows' Defense for 2 turns.
If not defeated by the time Ebb Tide begins	 all Shadows heal 20% of their max HP.
930221	Genbu	One of the Ssu-Ling	 celestial creatures of Chinese myth. It represents the direction north	 the season of winter	 and the element of water. Known to be a great warrior	 it supports the Earth from below.	Genbu alternates between two skills	 High Tide and Ebb Tide.
1. Ebb Tide: Inflicts Submerged on 2 Phantom Thieves. Clears all Shadows from the battle and summons 2 Decarabias and 2 Yurlungurs.
2. High Tide: Deals damage to all Phantom Thieves	 and inflicts Submerged on 1 Phantom Thief.
3. Submerged: Deals damage equal to 10% of max HP at the end of each turn. Lasts 4 turns. Stackable.
930222	Decarabia	One of the 72 demons of the Goetia	 this demon appears as a pentacle. Keeper of jewels and herbal lore	 Decarabia is said to have the ability to shape-shift at will.	If defeated	 1 Submerged stack will be be removed from all Phantom Thieves. If not defeated by the time Ebb Tide begins	 1 Submerged stack will be inflicted on all Phantom Thieves.
930223	Yurlungur	A snake with a rainbow body from Yolngu lore. He is a fertility deity who controls the weather and resides in a holy pond filled with rainbow-colored water.	If defeated	 all Phantom Thieves heal 20% of their max HP	 and decrease all Shadows' Defense for 2 turns.
If not defeated by the time Ebb Tide begins	 all Shadows heal 20% of their max HP.
930231	Genbu	One of the Ssu-Ling	 celestial creatures of Chinese myth. It represents the direction north	 the season of winter	 and the element of water. Known to be a great warrior	 it supports the Earth from below.	Genbu alternates between two skills	 High Tide and Ebb Tide.
1. Ebb Tide: Inflicts Submerged on 2 Phantom Thieves. Clears all Shadows from the battle and summons 2 Decarabias and 2 Yurlungurs.
2. High Tide: Deals damage to all Phantom Thieves	 and inflicts Submerged on 1 Phantom Thief.
3. Submerged: Deals damage equal to 10% of max HP at the end of each turn. Lasts 4 turns. Stackable.
930232	Decarabia	One of the 72 demons of the Goetia	 this demon appears as a pentacle. Keeper of jewels and herbal lore	 Decarabia is said to have the ability to shape-shift at will.	If defeated	 1 Submerged stack will be be removed from all Phantom Thieves. If not defeated by the time Ebb Tide begins	 1 Submerged stack will be inflicted on all Phantom Thieves.
930233	Yurlungur	A snake with a rainbow body from Yolngu lore. He is a fertility deity who controls the weather and resides in a holy pond filled with rainbow-colored water.	If defeated	 all Phantom Thieves heal 20% of their max HP	 and decrease all Shadows' Defense for 2 turns.
If not defeated by the time Ebb Tide begins	 all Shadows heal 20% of their max HP.
930241	Genbu	One of the Ssu-Ling	 celestial creatures of Chinese myth. It represents the direction north	 the season of winter	 and the element of water. Known to be a great warrior	 it supports the Earth from below.	Genbu alternates between two skills	 High Tide and Ebb Tide.
1. Ebb Tide: Inflicts Submerged on 2 Phantom Thieves. Clears all Shadows from the battle and summons 2 Decarabias and 2 Yurlungurs.
2. High Tide: Deals damage to all Phantom Thieves	 and inflicts Submerged on 1 Phantom Thief.
3. Submerged: Deals damage equal to 12.5% of max HP at the end of each turn. Lasts 4 turns. Stackable.
930242	Decarabia	One of the 72 demons of the Goetia	 this demon appears as a pentacle. Keeper of jewels and herbal lore	 Decarabia is said to have the ability to shape-shift at will.	If defeated	 1 Submerged stack will be be removed from all Phantom Thieves. If not defeated by the time Ebb Tide begins	 2 Submerged stacks will be inflicted on all Phantom Thieves.
930243	Yurlungur	A snake with a rainbow body from Yolngu lore. He is a fertility deity who controls the weather and resides in a holy pond filled with rainbow-colored water.	If defeated	 all Phantom Thieves heal 20% of their max HP	 and decrease all Shadows' Defense for 2 turns.
If not defeated by the time Ebb Tide begins	 all Shadows heal 40% of their max HP.
930251	Genbu	One of the Ssu-Ling	 celestial creatures of Chinese myth. It represents the direction north	 the season of winter	 and the element of water. Known to be a great warrior	 it supports the Earth from below.	Genbu alternates between two skills	 High Tide and Ebb Tide.
1. Ebb Tide: Inflicts Submerged on 2 Phantom Thieves. Clears all Shadows from the battle and summons 2 Decarabias and 2 Yurlungurs.
2. High Tide: Deals damage to all Phantom Thieves	 and inflicts Submerged on 1 Phantom Thief.
3. Submerged: Deals damage equal to 17.5% of max HP at the end of each turn. Lasts 4 turns. Stackable.
930252	Decarabia	One of the 72 demons of the Goetia	 this demon appears as a pentacle. Keeper of jewels and herbal lore	 Decarabia is said to have the ability to shape-shift at will.	If defeated	 1 Submerged stack will be be removed from all Phantom Thieves. If not defeated by the time Ebb Tide begins	 3 Submerged stacks will be inflicted on all Phantom Thieves.
930253	Yurlungur	A snake with a rainbow body from Yolngu lore. He is a fertility deity who controls the weather and resides in a holy pond filled with rainbow-colored water.	If defeated	 all Phantom Thieves heal 20% of their max HP	 and decrease all Shadows' Defense for 2 turns.
If not defeated by the time Ebb Tide begins	 all Shadows heal 60% of their max HP.
930311	Black Ooze	A mass of malevolent intent and emotion that failed to become a true demon. All it does is eat	 prey	 and grow.	AAAAAA==
930312	Black Ooze	A mass of malevolent intent and emotion that failed to become a true demon. All it does is eat	 prey	 and grow.	AAAAAA==
930313	Black Ooze	A mass of malevolent intent and emotion that failed to become a true demon. All it does is eat	 prey	 and grow.	AAAAAA==
930314	Black Ooze	A mass of malevolent intent and emotion that failed to become a true demon. All it does is eat	 prey	 and grow.	AAAAAA==
931011	Lilim	A demon who tempts sleeping men and attacks infants. She is the daughter of the demoness	 Lilith. Like her mother	 she drains men of their essence.	AAAAAA==
931012	Lilim	A demon who tempts sleeping men and attacks infants. She is the daughter of the demoness	 Lilith. Like her mother	 she drains men of their essence.	AAAAAA==
931013	Lilim	A demon who tempts sleeping men and attacks infants. She is the daughter of the demoness	 Lilith. Like her mother	 she drains men of their essence.	AAAAAA==
931021	Kodama	Japanese plant spirits born from trees that have lived for a hundred years. Cutting down one of these trees is said to cause misfortune.	AAAAAA==
931022	Kodama	Japanese plant spirits born from trees that have lived for a hundred years. Cutting down one of these trees is said to cause misfortune.	AAAAAA==
931023	Kodama	Japanese plant spirits born from trees that have lived for a hundred years. Cutting down one of these trees is said to cause misfortune.	AAAAAA==
931024	Kodama	Japanese plant spirits born from trees that have lived for a hundred years. Cutting down one of these trees is said to cause misfortune.	AAAAAA==
931031	Apsaras	Hindu water spirits	 they are beautiful young women who dance for the gods. They also guide heroes fallen in battle to paradise.	AAAAAA==
931032	Apsaras	Hindu water spirits	 they are beautiful young women who dance for the gods. They also guide heroes fallen in battle to paradise.	AAAAAA==
931033	Apsaras	Hindu water spirits	 they are beautiful young women who dance for the gods. They also guide heroes fallen in battle to paradise.	AAAAAA==
931041	Naga	Half-snake	 half-human divine beings in Hindu lore	 worshipped as bringers of rain. They live in the bottoms of lakes and seas	 singing and dancing when they are not fighting.	AAAAAA==
931042	Naga	Half-snake	 half-human divine beings in Hindu lore	 worshipped as bringers of rain. They live in the bottoms of lakes and seas	 singing and dancing when they are not fighting.	AAAAAA==
931043	Naga	Half-snake	 half-human divine beings in Hindu lore	 worshipped as bringers of rain. They live in the bottoms of lakes and seas	 singing and dancing when they are not fighting.	AAAAAA==
931044	Naga	Half-snake	 half-human divine beings in Hindu lore	 worshipped as bringers of rain. They live in the bottoms of lakes and seas	 singing and dancing when they are not fighting.	AAAAAA==
931051	Kaiwan	A god in Assyrian legend	 his name is interchangeable with Sakkut	 another incarnation of the star-god	 Saturn.	AAAAAA==
931052	Kaiwan	A god in Assyrian legend	 his name is interchangeable with Sakkut	 another incarnation of the star-god	 Saturn.	AAAAAA==
931053	Decarabia	One of the 72 demons of the Goetia	 this demon appears as a pentacle. Keeper of jewels and herbal lore	 Decarabia is said to have the ability to shape-shift at will.	If defeated	 1 Submerged stack will be be removed from all Phantom Thieves. If not defeated by the time Ebb Tide begins	 1 Submerged stack will be inflicted on all Phantom Thieves.
931054	Decarabia	One of the 72 demons of the Goetia	 this demon appears as a pentacle. Keeper of jewels and herbal lore	 Decarabia is said to have the ability to shape-shift at will.	If defeated	 1 Submerged stack will be be removed from all Phantom Thieves. If not defeated by the time Ebb Tide begins	 1 Submerged stack will be inflicted on all Phantom Thieves.
931061	Black Ooze	A mass of malevolent intent and emotion that failed to become a true demon. All it does is eat	 prey	 and grow.	AAAAAA==
931062	Black Ooze	A mass of malevolent intent and emotion that failed to become a true demon. All it does is eat	 prey	 and grow.	AAAAAA==
931063	Black Ooze	A mass of malevolent intent and emotion that failed to become a true demon. All it does is eat	 prey	 and grow.	AAAAAA==
931211	Raja Naga	The king of the Naga	 a half-man	 half-snake tribe in Hindu lore. The dragon kings Nanda and Takshaka of Buddhist myth fall into this royal category.	Raja Naga alternates between the following skills.
1. Royal Decree: Grants 3 Royal Shield stacks to all Shadows.
Royal Shield: Decreases damage taken by 15% (stacks up to 5 times). Lose 1 stack when damaged by a skill	 Resonance	 or Highlight.
2. Royal Punishment: Locks on to a Phantom Thief	 and deals severe damage on the next turn. Remove Lock On if Raja Naga takes damage a total of 15 times from a skill	 Resonance	 or Highlight while locked on.
3. Other Nagas cannot be defeated while Raja Naga is on the field.
931212	Naga	Half-snake	 half-human divine beings in Hindu lore	 worshipped as bringers of rain. They live in the bottoms of lakes and seas	 singing and dancing when they are not fighting.	AAAAAA==
931213	Naga	Half-snake	 half-human divine beings in Hindu lore	 worshipped as bringers of rain. They live in the bottoms of lakes and seas	 singing and dancing when they are not fighting.	AAAAAA==
931221	Raja Naga	The king of the Naga	 a half-man	 half-snake tribe in Hindu lore. The dragon kings Nanda and Takshaka of Buddhist myth fall into this royal category.	Raja Naga alternates between the following skills.
1. Royal Decree: Grants 3 Royal Shield stacks to all Shadows.
Royal Shield: Decreases damage taken by 15% (stacks up to 5 times). Lose 1 stack when damaged by a skill	 Resonance	 or Highlight.
2. Royal Punishment: Locks on to a Phantom Thief	 and deals severe damage on the next turn. Remove Lock On if Raja Naga takes damage a total of 15 times from a skill	 Resonance	 or Highlight while locked on.
3. Other Nagas cannot be defeated while Raja Naga is on the field.
931222	Naga	Half-snake	 half-human divine beings in Hindu lore	 worshipped as bringers of rain. They live in the bottoms of lakes and seas	 singing and dancing when they are not fighting.	AAAAAA==
931223	Naga	Half-snake	 half-human divine beings in Hindu lore	 worshipped as bringers of rain. They live in the bottoms of lakes and seas	 singing and dancing when they are not fighting.	AAAAAA==
931231	Raja Naga	The king of the Naga	 a half-man	 half-snake tribe in Hindu lore. The dragon kings Nanda and Takshaka of Buddhist myth fall into this royal category.	Raja Naga alternates between the following skills.
1. Royal Decree: Grants 3 Royal Shield stacks to all Shadows.
Royal Shield: Decreases damage taken by 15% (stacks up to 5 times). Lose 1 stack when damaged by a skill	 Resonance	 or Highlight.
2. Royal Punishment: Locks on to a Phantom Thief	 and deals severe damage on the next turn. Remove Lock On if Raja Naga takes damage a total of 15 times from a skill	 Resonance	 or Highlight while locked on.
3. Other Nagas cannot be defeated while Raja Naga is on the field.
931232	Naga	Half-snake	 half-human divine beings in Hindu lore	 worshipped as bringers of rain. They live in the bottoms of lakes and seas	 singing and dancing when they are not fighting.	AAAAAA==
931233	Naga	Half-snake	 half-human divine beings in Hindu lore	 worshipped as bringers of rain. They live in the bottoms of lakes and seas	 singing and dancing when they are not fighting.	AAAAAA==
931241	Raja Naga	The king of the Naga	 a half-man	 half-snake tribe in Hindu lore. The dragon kings Nanda and Takshaka of Buddhist myth fall into this royal category.	Raja Naga uses the following skills.
1. Royal Decree: Grants 3 Royal Shield stacks to all Shadows.
Royal Shield: Decreases damage taken by 15% (stacks up to 5 times). Loses 1 stack when damaged by a skill	 Resonance	 or Highlight.
2. Royal Punishment: Locks on to a Phantom Thief and deals severe damage on the next turn. Removes Lock On if Raja Naga takes damage a total of 20 times from a skill	 Resonance	 or Highlight while locked on.
3. Royal Blessing: When any Naga (excluding user) has 25% or more of max HP	 greatly increases target Naga's damage. Then restores all Nagas' HP (excluding user) by 50%.
4. At the start of each turn	 Raja Naga automatically gains 1 Royal Shield stack.
5. Other Nagas cannot be defeated while Raja Naga is on the field.
931242	Naga	Half-snake	 half-human divine beings in Hindu lore	 worshipped as bringers of rain. They live in the bottoms of lakes and seas	 singing and dancing when they are not fighting.	AAAAAA==
931243	Naga	Half-snake	 half-human divine beings in Hindu lore	 worshipped as bringers of rain. They live in the bottoms of lakes and seas	 singing and dancing when they are not fighting.	AAAAAA==
931251	Raja Naga	The king of the Naga	 a half-man	 half-snake tribe in Hindu lore. The dragon kings Nanda and Takshaka of Buddhist myth fall into this royal category.	Raja Naga uses the following skills.
1. Royal Decree: Grants 3 Royal Shield stacks to all Shadows.
Royal Shield: Decreases damage taken by 15% (stacks up to 5 times). Loses 2 stack when damaged by a skill	 Resonance	 or Highlight.
2. Royal Punishment: Locks on to a Phantom Thief and deals severe damage on the next turn. Removes Lock On if Raja Naga takes damage a total of 25 times from a skill	 Resonance	 or Highlight while locked on.
3. Royal Blessing: When any Naga (excluding user) has 25% or more of max HP	 greatly increases target Naga's damage. Then restores all Nagas' HP (excluding user) by 50%.
4. At the start of each turn	 Raja Naga automatically gains 1 Royal Shield stack.
5. Other Nagas cannot be defeated while Raja Naga is on the field.
931252	Naga	Half-snake	 half-human divine beings in Hindu lore	 worshipped as bringers of rain. They live in the bottoms of lakes and seas	 singing and dancing when they are not fighting.	AAAAAA==
931253	Naga	Half-snake	 half-human divine beings in Hindu lore	 worshipped as bringers of rain. They live in the bottoms of lakes and seas	 singing and dancing when they are not fighting.	AAAAAA==
931111	Kin-Ki	One of the four oni controlled by Fujiwara no Chikata	 its body is so hard that no weapons can penetrate it. It and its comrades fell into hell through holes that can still be found in modern Iga.	AAAAAA==
931112	Yurlungur	A snake with a rainbow body from Yolngu lore. He is a fertility deity who controls the weather and resides in a holy pond filled with rainbow-colored water.	AAAAAA==
931113	Yurlungur	A snake with a rainbow body from Yolngu lore. He is a fertility deity who controls the weather and resides in a holy pond filled with rainbow-colored water.	AAAAAA==
931121	Quetzalcoatl	An Aztec deity known as the Feathered Serpent. He created humans with his own blood and taught them how to sustain themselves.	AAAAAA==
931122	Lamia	A half-human	 half-snake female monster of Greek myth	 she was once the queen of Libya. Zeus's jealous wife	 Hera	 killed her children	 causing her to go mad and transform into a monster.	AAAAAA==
931123	Lamia	A half-human	 half-snake female monster of Greek myth	 she was once the queen of Libya. Zeus's jealous wife	 Hera	 killed her children	 causing her to go mad and transform into a monster.	AAAAAA==
931131	Cu Chulainn	A hero in Celtic folklore. He was called Setanta until he earned the name	 "Culann's Hound." There are many tales of his adventures. He received his spear	 Gae Bolg	 from his mentor	 Scathach.	AAAAAA==
931132	Makami	A divine wolf god in Japanese folklore	 also written as "Oguchi-no-Magami." It is often drawn on prayer boards to prevent fires and thefts	 but it is also feared as a human-eater.	AAAAAA==
931133	Makami	A divine wolf god in Japanese folklore	 also written as "Oguchi-no-Magami." It is often drawn on prayer boards to prevent fires and thefts	 but it is also feared as a human-eater.	AAAAAA==
932011	Saki Mitama	One of the four aspects of Shinto thought	 it brings great bounty from the hunt. It is said to aid in love	 profit	 and growth	 and can create new paths.	AAAAAA==
932012	Saki Mitama	One of the four aspects of Shinto thought	 it brings great bounty from the hunt. It is said to aid in love	 profit	 and growth	 and can create new paths.	AAAAAA==
932021	Koppa Tengu	A type of tengu. Their spiritual power is weaker than other tengu	 so they are much smaller. They are said to be the reincarnations of long-lived wolves.	AAAAAA==
932031	Shiisaa	A holy beast said to protect houses from evil and bring good fortune. They look similar to Shinto guardian dogs	 but are actually modeled after a lion. There are many stories about it in Ryukyu lore.	AAAAAA==
932032	Shiisaa	A holy beast said to protect houses from evil and bring good fortune. They look similar to Shinto guardian dogs	 but are actually modeled after a lion. There are many stories about it in Ryukyu lore.	AAAAAA==
932033	Shiisaa	A holy beast said to protect houses from evil and bring good fortune. They look similar to Shinto guardian dogs	 but are actually modeled after a lion. There are many stories about it in Ryukyu lore.	AAAAAA==
932041	Ippon-Datara	A one-eyed	 one-legged monster said to live deep in the mountains of Kumano	 Japan. It's believed to be the degraded blacksmith god	 Ame no Me-Hitotsu no Kami.	AAAAAA==
932051	Orthrus	The two-headed pet dog belonging to the giant Geryon of Greek myth. He guarded a herd of red oxen but was killed by Hercules during one of his twelve labors.	AAAAAA==
932052	Orthrus	The two-headed pet dog belonging to the giant Geryon of Greek myth. He guarded a herd of red oxen but was killed by Hercules during one of his twelve labors.	AAAAAA==
932061	Koropokguru	Small human-like creatures that have kind	 calm personalities. Once coexisting with the Ainu people of Japan	 there was a falling out at some point	 and they disappeared.	AAAAAA==
932062	Koropokguru	Small human-like creatures that have kind	 calm personalities. Once coexisting with the Ainu people of Japan	 there was a falling out at some point	 and they disappeared.	AAAAAA==
932063	Koropokguru	Small human-like creatures that have kind	 calm personalities. Once coexisting with the Ainu people of Japan	 there was a falling out at some point	 and they disappeared.	AAAAAA==
932111	Clotho	The youngest of the three Moirae Sisters of Greek legend. She spins the threads of life with her spindle.	AAAAAA==
932121	Makami	A divine wolf god in Japanese folklore	 also written as "Oguchi-no-Magami." It is often drawn on prayer boards to prevent fires and thefts	 but it is also feared as a human-eater.	AAAAAA==
932122	Makami	A divine wolf god in Japanese folklore	 also written as "Oguchi-no-Magami." It is often drawn on prayer boards to prevent fires and thefts	 but it is also feared as a human-eater.	AAAAAA==
932131	Anzu	An evil deity of Mesopotamian folklore with an eagle's body and lion's head. While the god Enlil purified himself	 Anzu stole the Tablets of Destiny from him.	AAAAAA==
932132	Anzu	An evil deity of Mesopotamian folklore with an eagle's body and lion's head. While the god Enlil purified himself	 Anzu stole the Tablets of Destiny from him.	AAAAAA==
932211	Unicorn	A legendary white horse with a single spiral horn. It can only be tamed by a pure maiden	 and its horn supposedly has miraculous healing capabilities.	Unicorn activates Sacred Radiance 2 turns after activating Sacred Blessing.
1. Sacred Blessing: Deals Bless damage to all Phantom Thieves. Unicorn gains 10 stacks of Purity	 and summons 1 Emperor's Amulet.
2. Sacred Radiance: Deals heavy damage to all Phantom Thieves based on user's Purity stacks. If Unicorn has 5+ stacks of Purity	 also inflicts the Phantom Thieves with Rebuke.
Rebuke: Permanently increases damage taken by 50%.
Purity: Decreases Unicorn's damage taken by 5% for each stack. Lose 1 stack for each status ailment received.
932212	Holy Heart	One of the four aspects of Shinto thought	 it works gently to help maintain a calm mind. It is said to aid in one's relations and sociability	 and can lead one in a positive direction.	1. When Emperor's Amulet is inflicted with a debuff	 inflicts the same ailment on Unicorn and removes 1 stack of Purity.
2. After 1 action	 Emperor's Talisman disappears	 and Unicorn takes damage equal to the HP that remained on Emperor's Talisman when it disappeared.
932221	Unicorn	A legendary white horse with a single spiral horn. It can only be tamed by a pure maiden	 and its horn supposedly has miraculous healing capabilities.	Unicorn activates Sacred Radiance 2 turns after activating Sacred Blessing.
1. Sacred Blessing: Deals Bless damage to all Phantom Thieves. Unicorn gains 10 stacks of Purity	 and summons 1 Emperor's Amulet.
2. Sacred Radiance: Deals heavy damage to all Phantom Thieves based on user's Purity stacks. If Unicorn has 5+ stacks of Purity	 also inflicts the Phantom Thieves with Rebuke.
Rebuke: Permanently increases damage taken by 50%.
Purity: Decreases Unicorn's damage taken by 5% for each stack. Lose 1 stack for each status ailment received.
932222	Holy Heart	One of the four aspects of Shinto thought	 it works gently to help maintain a calm mind. It is said to aid in one's relations and sociability	 and can lead one in a positive direction.	1. When Emperor's Amulet is inflicted with a debuff	 inflicts the same ailment on Unicorn and removes 1 stack of Purity.
2. After 1 action	 Emperor's Talisman disappears	 and Unicorn takes damage equal to the HP that remained on Emperor's Talisman when it disappeared.
932231	Unicorn	A legendary white horse with a single spiral horn. It can only be tamed by a pure maiden	 and its horn supposedly has miraculous healing capabilities.	Unicorn activates Sacred Radiance 2 turns after activating Sacred Blessing.
1. Sacred Blessing: Deals Bless damage to all Phantom Thieves. Unicorn gains 10 stacks of Purity	 and summons 1 Emperor's Amulet.
2. Sacred Radiance: Deals heavy damage to all Phantom Thieves based on user's Purity stacks. If Unicorn has 5+ stacks of Purity	 also inflicts the Phantom Thieves with Rebuke.
Rebuke: Permanently increases damage taken by 50%.
Purity: Decreases Unicorn's damage taken by 5% for each stack. Lose 1 stack for each status ailment received.
932232	Holy Heart	One of the four aspects of Shinto thought	 it works gently to help maintain a calm mind. It is said to aid in one's relations and sociability	 and can lead one in a positive direction.	1. When Emperor's Amulet is inflicted with a debuff	 inflicts the same ailment on Unicorn and removes 1 stack of Purity.
2. After 1 action	 Emperor's Talisman disappears	 and Unicorn takes damage equal to the HP that remained on Emperor's Talisman when it disappeared.
932241	Unicorn	A legendary white horse with a single spiral horn. It can only be tamed by a pure maiden	 and its horn supposedly has miraculous healing capabilities.	Unicorn activates Sacred Radiance 2 turns after activating Sacred Blessing.
1. Sacred Blessing: Deals Bless damage to all Phantom Thieves. Unicorn gains 15 stacks of Purity	 and summons 1 Emperor's Amulet.
2. Sacred Radiance: Deals heavy damage to all Phantom Thieves based on user's Purity stacks. If Unicorn has 5+ stacks of Purity	 also inflicts the Phantom Thieves with Rebuke.
Rebuke: Permanently increases damage taken by 50%.
Purity: Decreases Unicorn's damage taken by 5% for each stack. Lose 1 stack for each status ailment received.
932242	Holy Heart	One of the four aspects of Shinto thought	 it works gently to help maintain a calm mind. It is said to aid in one's relations and sociability	 and can lead one in a positive direction.	1. When Emperor's Amulet is inflicted with a debuff	 inflicts the same ailment on Unicorn and removes 1 stack of Purity.
2. After 1 action	 Emperor's Talisman disappears	 and Unicorn takes damage equal to the HP that remained on Emperor's Talisman when it disappeared.
932251	Unicorn	A legendary white horse with a single spiral horn. It can only be tamed by a pure maiden	 and its horn supposedly has miraculous healing capabilities.	Unicorn activates Sacred Radiance 2 turns after activating Sacred Blessing.
1. Sacred Blessing: Deals Bless damage to all Phantom Thieves. Unicorn gains 25 stacks of Purity	 and summons 1 Emperor's Amulet.
2. Sacred Radiance: Deals heavy damage to all Phantom Thieves based on user's Purity stacks. If Unicorn has 5+ stacks of Purity	 also inflicts the Phantom Thieves with Rebuke.
Rebuke: Permanently increases damage taken by 50%.
Purity: Decreases Unicorn's damage taken by 5% for each stack. Lose 1 stack for each status ailment received.
932252	Holy Heart	One of the four aspects of Shinto thought	 it works gently to help maintain a calm mind. It is said to aid in one's relations and sociability	 and can lead one in a positive direction.	1. When Emperor's Amulet is inflicted with a debuff	 inflicts the same ailment on Unicorn and removes 1 stack of Purity.
2. After 1 action	 Emperor's Talisman disappears	 and Unicorn takes damage equal to the HP that remained on Emperor's Talisman when it disappeared.
933011	Orthrus	The two-headed pet dog belonging to the giant Geryon of Greek myth. He guarded a herd of red oxen but was killed by Hercules during one of his twelve labors.	AAAAAA==
933012	Orthrus	The two-headed pet dog belonging to the giant Geryon of Greek myth. He guarded a herd of red oxen but was killed by Hercules during one of his twelve labors.	AAAAAA==
933021	Hua Po	A spirit of Chinese folklore who dwells in trees once used for hangings. She is smaller than a human and cannot speak	 but her voice is said to be as clear and as beautiful as a bird's song.	AAAAAA==
933022	Hua Po	A spirit of Chinese folklore who dwells in trees once used for hangings. She is smaller than a human and cannot speak	 but her voice is said to be as clear and as beautiful as a bird's song.	AAAAAA==
933023	Hua Po	A spirit of Chinese folklore who dwells in trees once used for hangings. She is smaller than a human and cannot speak	 but her voice is said to be as clear and as beautiful as a bird's song.	AAAAAA==
933024	Hua Po	A spirit of Chinese folklore who dwells in trees once used for hangings. She is smaller than a human and cannot speak	 but her voice is said to be as clear and as beautiful as a bird's song.	AAAAAA==
933031	Sudama	A spirit of rivers and mountains in Japanese lore	 it dwells in ancient trees and ageless rocks. They are not evil	 and will often appear as humans or supernatural wonders to warn people.	AAAAAA==
933032	Sudama	A spirit of rivers and mountains in Japanese lore	 it dwells in ancient trees and ageless rocks. They are not evil	 and will often appear as humans or supernatural wonders to warn people.	AAAAAA==
933033	Sudama	A spirit of rivers and mountains in Japanese lore	 it dwells in ancient trees and ageless rocks. They are not evil	 and will often appear as humans or supernatural wonders to warn people.	AAAAAA==
933034	Sudama	A spirit of rivers and mountains in Japanese lore	 it dwells in ancient trees and ageless rocks. They are not evil	 and will often appear as humans or supernatural wonders to warn people.	AAAAAA==
933041	Ara Mitama	One of the four aspects of Shinto thought	 it has the power to grant ferocity. It is said to aid in one's bravery	 growth	 and endeavors	 though it can lead in a negative direction.	AAAAAA==
933042	Ara Mitama	One of the four aspects of Shinto thought	 it has the power to grant ferocity. It is said to aid in one's bravery	 growth	 and endeavors	 though it can lead in a negative direction.	AAAAAA==
933043	Ara Mitama	One of the four aspects of Shinto thought	 it has the power to grant ferocity. It is said to aid in one's bravery	 growth	 and endeavors	 though it can lead in a negative direction.	AAAAAA==
933051	Kurama Tengu	A type of tengu said to have lived on Mt. Kurama in Kyoto. The most powerful and well-known of the tengu	 they have the power to fend off disease and bring good fortune.	AAAAAA==
933052	Sudama	A spirit of rivers and mountains in Japanese lore	 it dwells in ancient trees and ageless rocks. They are not evil	 and will often appear as humans or supernatural wonders to warn people.	AAAAAA==
933053	Sudama	A spirit of rivers and mountains in Japanese lore	 it dwells in ancient trees and ageless rocks. They are not evil	 and will often appear as humans or supernatural wonders to warn people.	AAAAAA==
933061	Koppa Tengu	A type of tengu. Their spiritual power is weaker than other tengu	 so they are much smaller. They are said to be the reincarnations of long-lived wolves.	AAAAAA==
933062	Koppa Tengu	A type of tengu. Their spiritual power is weaker than other tengu	 so they are much smaller. They are said to be the reincarnations of long-lived wolves.	AAAAAA==
933111	Flauros	One of the 72 demons of the Goetia. He appears as a leopard and can see the past and future. He can control fire and burn all his adversaries to death.	AAAAAA==
933112	Hua Po	A spirit of Chinese folklore who dwells in trees once used for hangings. She is smaller than a human and cannot speak	 but her voice is said to be as clear and as beautiful as a bird's song.	AAAAAA==
933113	Hua Po	A spirit of Chinese folklore who dwells in trees once used for hangings. She is smaller than a human and cannot speak	 but her voice is said to be as clear and as beautiful as a bird's song.	AAAAAA==
933121	Suzaku	One of the Ssu-Ling	 celestial creatures of Chinese myth. It is a giant bird that is said to chirp in five beautiful voices. It represents the direction south	 the season of summer	 and the element of fire.	AAAAAA==
933122	Suzaku	One of the Ssu-Ling	 celestial creatures of Chinese myth. It is a giant bird that is said to chirp in five beautiful voices. It represents the direction south	 the season of summer	 and the element of fire.	AAAAAA==
933123	Sudama	A spirit of rivers and mountains in Japanese lore	 it dwells in ancient trees and ageless rocks. They are not evil	 and will often appear as humans or supernatural wonders to warn people.	AAAAAA==
933124	Sudama	A spirit of rivers and mountains in Japanese lore	 it dwells in ancient trees and ageless rocks. They are not evil	 and will often appear as humans or supernatural wonders to warn people.	AAAAAA==
933131	Kumbhanda	A Buddhist demon said to drain human life energy. He has dark skin	 stands three meters tall	 and sometimes changes his shape to a gourd. Known to have once served Rudra	 the god of storms.	AAAAAA==
933132	Pixie	Friendly fairies of the forest that tend to hide from humans. They like to play tricks on lazy people. It is said they are the souls of dead	 unbaptized children.	AAAAAA==
933133	Pixie	Friendly fairies of the forest that tend to hide from humans. They like to play tricks on lazy people. It is said they are the souls of dead	 unbaptized children.	AAAAAA==
933211	Hell Biker	A motorcyclist whose violent nature turned him into a demon. His anger with himself and the world causes him to lash out	 that everyone else would suffer as well.	Hell Biker alternates between using Hellfire and Cleansing Flame.
1. Hellfire: Deal heavy Fire damage to all Phantom Thieves. Inflict Hellscorched if the target's HP is decreased. Hellscorched: Take damage equal to 35% of max HP each turn.
2. Cleansing Flame: Deal heavy Fire damage to the Phantom Thief with the highest Attack. Permanently decrease the target's Attack by 50%. Increase Hell Biker's Attack by 30%.
933212	Oni	An evil monster from Japanese lore known for its hideous visage and brute strength. They loot and plunder villages	 massacring the townspeople with their iron clubs. They have horns on their heads	 red skin	 long claws	 and razor-sharp teeth.	1. Oni and Hell Biker share a Soul Link.
Soul Link: Distributes all damage received between all Shadows who share this condition	 based on the percentage of their current HP.
2. Oni will target the Phantom Thief with the lowest HP.
933213	Oni	An evil monster from Japanese lore known for its hideous visage and brute strength. They loot and plunder villages	 massacring the townspeople with their iron clubs. They have horns on their heads	 red skin	 long claws	 and razor-sharp teeth.	1. Oni and Hell Biker share a Soul Link.
Soul Link: Distributes all damage received between all Shadows who share this condition	 based on the percentage of their current HP.
2. Oni will target the Phantom Thief with the lowest HP.
933221	Hell Biker	A motorcyclist whose violent nature turned him into a demon. His anger with himself and the world causes him to lash out	 that everyone else would suffer as well.	Hell Biker alternates between using Hellfire and Cleansing Flame.
1. Hellfire: Deal heavy Fire damage to all Phantom Thieves. Inflict Hellscorched if the target's HP is decreased. Hellscorched: Take damage equal to 35% of max HP each turn.
2. Cleansing Flame: Deal heavy Fire damage to the Phantom Thief with the highest Attack. Permanently decrease the target's Attack by 50%. Increase Hell Biker's Attack by 30%.
933222	Oni	An evil monster from Japanese lore known for its hideous visage and brute strength. They loot and plunder villages	 massacring the townspeople with their iron clubs. They have horns on their heads	 red skin	 long claws	 and razor-sharp teeth.	1. Oni and Hell Biker share a Soul Link.
Soul Link: Distributes all damage received between all Shadows who share this condition	 based on the percentage of their current HP.
2. Oni will target the Phantom Thief with the lowest HP.
933223	Oni	An evil monster from Japanese lore known for its hideous visage and brute strength. They loot and plunder villages	 massacring the townspeople with their iron clubs. They have horns on their heads	 red skin	 long claws	 and razor-sharp teeth.	1. Oni and Hell Biker share a Soul Link.
Soul Link: Distributes all damage received between all Shadows who share this condition	 based on the percentage of their current HP.
2. Oni will target the Phantom Thief with the lowest HP.
933231	Hell Biker	A motorcyclist whose violent nature turned him into a demon. His anger with himself and the world causes him to lash out	 that everyone else would suffer as well.	Hell Biker alternates between using Hellfire and Cleansing Flame.
1. Hellfire: Deal heavy Fire damage to all Phantom Thieves. Inflict Hellscorched if the target's HP is decreased. Hellscorched: Take damage equal to 35% of max HP each turn.
2. Cleansing Flame: Deal heavy Fire damage to the Phantom Thief with the highest Attack. Permanently decrease the target's Attack by 50%. Increase Hell Biker's Attack by 30%.
933232	Oni	An evil monster from Japanese lore known for its hideous visage and brute strength. They loot and plunder villages	 massacring the townspeople with their iron clubs. They have horns on their heads	 red skin	 long claws	 and razor-sharp teeth.	1. Oni and Hell Biker share a Soul Link.
Soul Link: Distributes all damage received between all Shadows who share this condition	 based on the percentage of their current HP.
2. Oni will target the Phantom Thief with the lowest HP.
933233	Oni	An evil monster from Japanese lore known for its hideous visage and brute strength. They loot and plunder villages	 massacring the townspeople with their iron clubs. They have horns on their heads	 red skin	 long claws	 and razor-sharp teeth.	1. Oni and Hell Biker share a Soul Link.
Soul Link: Distributes all damage received between all Shadows who share this condition	 based on the percentage of their current HP.
2. Oni will target the Phantom Thief with the lowest HP.
933241	Hell Biker	A motorcyclist whose violent nature turned him into a demon. His anger with himself and the world causes him to lash out	 that everyone else would suffer as well.	Hell Biker alternates between using Hellfire and Cleansing Flame.
1. Hellfire: Deal heavy Fire damage to all Phantom Thieves. Inflict Hellscorched if the target's HP is decreased. Hellscorched: Take damage equal to 35% of max HP each turn.
2. Cleansing Flame: Deal heavy Fire damage to the Phantom Thief with the highest Attack. Permanently decrease the target's Attack by 50%. Increase Hell Biker's Attack by 30%.
933242	Oni	An evil monster from Japanese lore known for its hideous visage and brute strength. They loot and plunder villages	 massacring the townspeople with their iron clubs. They have horns on their heads	 red skin	 long claws	 and razor-sharp teeth.	1. Oni and Hell Biker share a Soul Link.
Soul Link: Distributes all damage received between all Shadows who share this condition	 based on the percentage of their current HP.
2. Oni will target the Phantom Thief with the lowest HP.
933243	Oni	An evil monster from Japanese lore known for its hideous visage and brute strength. They loot and plunder villages	 massacring the townspeople with their iron clubs. They have horns on their heads	 red skin	 long claws	 and razor-sharp teeth.	1. Oni and Hell Biker share a Soul Link.
Soul Link: Distributes all damage received between all Shadows who share this condition	 based on the percentage of their current HP.
2. Oni will target the Phantom Thief with the lowest HP.
933251	Hell Biker	A motorcyclist whose violent nature turned him into a demon. His anger with himself and the world causes him to lash out	 that everyone else would suffer as well.	Hell Biker alternates between using Hellfire and Cleansing Flame.
1. Hellfire: Deal heavy Fire damage to all Phantom Thieves. Inflict Hellscorched if the target's HP is decreased. Hellscorched: Take damage equal to 35% of max HP each turn.
2. Cleansing Flame: Deal heavy Fire damage to the Phantom Thief with the highest Attack. Permanently decrease the target's Attack by 50%. Increase Hell Biker's Attack by 30%.
933252	Oni	An evil monster from Japanese lore known for its hideous visage and brute strength. They loot and plunder villages	 massacring the townspeople with their iron clubs. They have horns on their heads	 red skin	 long claws	 and razor-sharp teeth.	1. Oni and Hell Biker share a Soul Link.
Soul Link: Distributes all damage received between all Shadows who share this condition	 based on the percentage of their current HP.
2. Oni will target the Phantom Thief with the lowest HP.
933253	Oni	An evil monster from Japanese lore known for its hideous visage and brute strength. They loot and plunder villages	 massacring the townspeople with their iron clubs. They have horns on their heads	 red skin	 long claws	 and razor-sharp teeth.	1. Oni and Hell Biker share a Soul Link.
Soul Link: Distributes all damage received between all Shadows who share this condition	 based on the percentage of their current HP.
2. Oni will target the Phantom Thief with the lowest HP.
934011	Jack-o'-Lantern	A drunkard who tricked the Devil out of taking him to Hell. When refused entry to Heaven	 he was forced to wander the earth with only an ember as a light.	AAAAAA==
934012	Jack-o'-Lantern	A drunkard who tricked the Devil out of taking him to Hell. When refused entry to Heaven	 he was forced to wander the earth with only an ember as a light.	AAAAAA==
934021	Rakshasa	A Hindu demon. He is an enemy of the gods and attacks humans to feed off of them. His hideous appearance strikes fear into those who see him. Rakshasa shape-shifts to deceive his enemies.	AAAAAA==
934022	Rakshasa	A Hindu demon. He is an enemy of the gods and attacks humans to feed off of them. His hideous appearance strikes fear into those who see him. Rakshasa shape-shifts to deceive his enemies.	AAAAAA==
934031	Naga	Half-snake	 half-human divine beings in Hindu lore	 worshipped as bringers of rain. They live in the bottoms of lakes and seas	 singing and dancing when they are not fighting.	AAAAAA==
934032	Naga	Half-snake	 half-human divine beings in Hindu lore	 worshipped as bringers of rain. They live in the bottoms of lakes and seas	 singing and dancing when they are not fighting.	AAAAAA==
934041	Slime	A primitive monster with a viscous body. There are various theories as to its origin	 but it is still under debate. Said to compulsively collect shiny objects.	AAAAAA==
934042	Slime	A primitive monster with a viscous body. There are various theories as to its origin	 but it is still under debate. Said to compulsively collect shiny objects.	AAAAAA==
934043	Slime	A primitive monster with a viscous body. There are various theories as to its origin	 but it is still under debate. Said to compulsively collect shiny objects.	AAAAAA==
934051	Saki Mitama	One of the four aspects of Shinto thought	 it brings great bounty from the hunt. It is said to aid in love	 profit	 and growth	 and can create new paths.	AAAAAA==
934052	Saki Mitama	One of the four aspects of Shinto thought	 it brings great bounty from the hunt. It is said to aid in love	 profit	 and growth	 and can create new paths.	AAAAAA==
934061	Inugami	A dog spirit said to possess people in Japanese lore. Those possessed are in a state of "inu-tsuki" and lose consciousness. Onmyoji use Inugami as familiars.	AAAAAA==
934062	Inugami	A dog spirit said to possess people in Japanese lore. Those possessed are in a state of "inu-tsuki" and lose consciousness. Onmyoji use Inugami as familiars.	AAAAAA==
934111	Neko Shogun	A prophetic Taoist god	 originally known as Mao Shogun. Due to a linguistic error involving the Chinese word for "cat	 his name was changed to Neko Shogun.,AAAAAA==
934112,Neko Shogun,A prophetic Taoist god, originally known as Mao Shogun. Due to a linguistic error involving the Chinese word for cat	 his name was changed to Neko Shogun.,AAAAAA==
934121,Isis,Osiris's wife as well as his younger sister. Upon the death of her husband, she revived him with her incredible magic power. Isis is seen at many gravesites as the guardian goddess of the dead.,AAAAAA==
934122,Saki Mitama,One of the four aspects of Shinto thought, it brings great bounty from the hunt. It is said to aid in love, profit, and growth, and can create new paths.,AAAAAA==
934123,Saki Mitama,One of the four aspects of Shinto thought, it brings great bounty from the hunt. It is said to aid in love, profit, and growth, and can create new paths.,AAAAAA==
934131,Okuninushi,A Kunitsu deity in Japanese mythology that governs agriculture and medicine. He's said to have built the country of Izumo with Susano-o's daughter, Suseri-Hime.,AAAAAA==
934211,Shiki-Ouji,An exceptionally powerful shikigami. Only the most elite onmyoji are able to summon and bind it to paper. It can ward off disaster or cure illness, but its ordinary temperament is quite vicious.,Shiki-Ouji changes forms every turn.
1. In Defense Form, Shiki-Ouji gains 5 stacks of <color=#FF3B37>Defensive Stance</color>.
<color=#FF3B37>Defensive Stance</color>: Damage taken is decreased by 10%. Lose 1 stack when taking weakness damage.
2. In Attack Form, Shiki-Ouji will act twice, and each stack of <color=#FF3B37>Defensive Stance</color> increases its damage by 25%.
934221,Shiki-Ouji,An exceptionally powerful shikigami. Only the most elite onmyoji are able to summon and bind it to paper. It can ward off disaster or cure illness, but its ordinary temperament is quite vicious.,Shiki-Ouji changes forms every turn.
1. In Defense Form, Shiki-Ouji gains 5 stacks of <color=#FF3B37>Defensive Stance</color>.
<color=#FF3B37>Defensive Stance</color>: Damage taken is decreased by 10%. Lose 1 stack when taking weakness damage.
2. In Attack Form, Shiki-Ouji will act twice, and each stack of <color=#FF3B37>Defensive Stance</color> increases its damage by 25%.
934231,Shiki-Ouji,An exceptionally powerful shikigami. Only the most elite onmyoji are able to summon and bind it to paper. It can ward off disaster or cure illness, but its ordinary temperament is quite vicious.,Shiki-Ouji changes forms every turn.
1. In Defense Form, Shiki-Ouji gains 5 stacks of <color=#FF3B37>Defensive Stance</color>.
<color=#FF3B37>Defensive Stance</color>: Damage taken is decreased by 10%. Lose 1 stack when taking weakness damage.
2. In Attack Form, Shiki-Ouji will act twice, and each stack of <color=#FF3B37>Defensive Stance</color> increases its damage by 25%.
934241,Shiki-Ouji,An exceptionally powerful shikigami. Only the most elite onmyoji are able to summon and bind it to paper. It can ward off disaster or cure illness, but its ordinary temperament is quite vicious.,Shiki-Ouji changes forms every turn.
1. In Defense Form, Shiki-Ouji gains 5 stacks of <color=#FF3B37>Defensive Stance</color>.
<color=#FF3B37>Defensive Stance</color>: Damage taken is decreased by 10%. Lose 1 stack when taking weakness damage.
2. In Attack Form, Shiki-Ouji will act twice, and each stack of <color=#FF3B37>Defensive Stance</color> increases its damage by 25%.
934251,Shiki-Ouji,An exceptionally powerful shikigami. Only the most elite onmyoji are able to summon and bind it to paper. It can ward off disaster or cure illness, but its ordinary temperament is quite vicious.,Shiki-Ouji changes forms every turn.
1. In Defense Form, Shiki-Ouji gains 5 stacks of <color=#FF3B37>Defensive Stance</color>.
<color=#FF3B37>Defensive Stance</color>: Damage taken is decreased by 10%. Lose 1 stack when taking weakness damage.
2. In Attack Form, Shiki-Ouji will act twice, and each stack of <color=#FF3B37>Defensive Stance</color> increases its damage by 25%.
640011,Daisoujou,A monk who died while fasting, his spiritual power allows his body to continue to exist without rotting. It is said that he will appear before people on the day of salvation.,AAAAAA==
640021,Take-Minakata,A Japanese god of war, hunting and fertility. He fought Take-Mikazuchi for control of Japan and lost. He escaped to Suwa, but has been prohibited to leave since then.,AAAAAA==
640111,Pazuzu,The Babylonian lord of wind and scorching sands. He has the body of a man, a lion's head, the claws and wings of an eagle, and has a deadly poison. The diseases he spreads can only be cured with magic.,AAAAAA==
640112,Rangda,A wicked witch of Balinese lore, she represents evil and is Barong's eternal rival. Even if defeated, she will come back to life, and their battle will have no end.,AAAAAA==
640121,Kumbhanda,A Buddhist demon said to drain human life energy. He has dark skin, stands three meters tall, and sometimes changes his shape to a gourd. Known to have once served Rudra, the god of storms.,AAAAAA==
640122,Rakshasa,A Hindu demon. He is an enemy of the gods and attacks humans to feed off of them. His hideous appearance strikes fear into those who see him. Rakshasa shape-shifts to deceive his enemies.,AAAAAA==
640211,Kikuri-Hime,The goddess of life in Shinto myth. She once mediated between Izanagi and Izanami during their confrontation in Yomi, the land of the dead.,AAAAAA==
640212,Kushinada,A Japanese goddess. She governs fields and fertility. All of her sisters were sacrificed to Yamata-no-Orochi, but she was saved by Susano-o and became his wife.,AAAAAA==
640213,Ame-no-Uzume,Japanese goddess of entertainment, she governs many sacred dances. She is most famous for luring out Amaterasu, who had barricaded herself inside a cave.,AAAAAA==
640221,Barong,A mystical creature in Balinese lore, it represents good and is Rangda's eternal rival. Even if defeated, it will be reborn. The result is a never-ending struggle.,AAAAAA==
640222,Barong,A mystical creature in Balinese lore, it represents good and is Rangda's eternal rival. Even if defeated, it will be reborn. The result is a never-ending struggle.,AAAAAA==
640223,Shiisaa,A holy beast said to protect houses from evil and bring good fortune. They look similar to Shinto guardian dogs, but are actually modeled after a lion. There are many stories about it in Ryukyu lore.,AAAAAA==
640224,Shiisaa,A holy beast said to protect houses from evil and bring good fortune. They look similar to Shinto guardian dogs, but are actually modeled after a lion. There are many stories about it in Ryukyu lore.,AAAAAA==
640225,Shiisaa,A holy beast said to protect houses from evil and bring good fortune. They look similar to Shinto guardian dogs, but are actually modeled after a lion. There are many stories about it in Ryukyu lore.,AAAAAA==
640311,Arahabaki,A mysterious god of ancient Japan. Most famously worshipped by Nagasunehiko, who was defeated in battle against Emperor Jinmu, Arahabaki came to be treated as a symbol of rebellion and defiance.,AAAAAA==
640321,Belphegor,Demonic governor of the deadly sin of sloth. He also excels at invention and discovery. May be derived from Ba'al Pe'or, Syrian god of abundant crops.,AAAAAA==
640411,Ganesha,The Hindu elephant-headed god. He was originally created by Parvati in order to prevent anyone from watching her bathe. Shiva batted off his original head and replaced it with an elephant's head.,AAAAAA==
640412,Girimehkala,A giant elephant monster of Sri Lankan myth, it is typically portrayed as being ridden by the Evil One, Mara. Whoever looks into its evil eye is said to be met with misfortune.,AAAAAA==
640421,Seth,The Egyptian god of the desert, chaos, and evil. He murdered his brother, Osiris, and tried to become chief god, but he was castrated by Osiris's son, Horus.,AAAAAA==
640422,Horus,An ancient god of Egypt whose eyes are the sun and moon. Revered by some as the chief god, he is often depicted as a hawk or a falcon.,AAAAAA==
640511,Raja Naga,The king of the Naga, a half-man, half-snake tribe in Hindu lore. The dragon kings Nanda and Takshaka of Buddhist myth fall into this royal category.,AAAAAA==
640512,Quetzalcoatl,An Aztec deity known as the Feathered Serpent. He created humans with his own blood and taught them how to sustain themselves.,AAAAAA==
640513,Yurlungur,A snake with a rainbow body from Yolngu lore. He is a fertility deity who controls the weather and resides in a holy pond filled with rainbow-colored water.,AAAAAA==
640514,Yurlungur,A snake with a rainbow body from Yolngu lore. He is a fertility deity who controls the weather and resides in a holy pond filled with rainbow-colored water.,AAAAAA==
640521,Power,The sixth of the nine orders of angels. It is said that they were the first order to be created. Their duty is to protect human souls from demons.,AAAAAA==
640522,Principality,The seventh of the nine orders of angels. They guard cities and nations, and protect various religious figures.,AAAAAA==
640523,Archangel,Eighth of the nine orders of angels. Their duty is to minister to humans and deliver messages. They are warriors of Heaven and lead Heaven's forces during battle with the armies of evil.,AAAAAA==
640524,Angel,Ninth of the nineorders of angels.They are closest in nature to humans.They watch over individuals and warn those who stray from the path.,AAAAAA==
640611,Thor,The Norse thunder god and son of Odin, Thor owns the power-enhancing belt Megingjard and wields Mjolnir, a hammer that causes lightning to strike and returns to its owner if thrown.,AAAAAA==
640621,Okuninushi,A Kunitsu deity in Japanese mythology that governs agriculture and medicine. He's said to have built the country of Izumo with Susano-o's daughter, Suseri-Hime.,AAAAAA==
640711,Queen Mab,The fairy queen in Celtic myth. Often identified with Titania. She would offer mead mixed with her blood to her many consorts.,AAAAAA==
640712,Queen Mab,The fairy queen in Celtic myth. Often identified with Titania. She would offer mead mixed with her blood to her many consorts.,AAAAAA==
640721,Jatayu,The Hindu king of birds. In the Ramayana, he fought bravely against Ravana in an attempt to save Sita, Rama's wife and the seventh avatar of Vishnu, but lost.,AAAAAA==
640722,Garuda,A divine bird-man in Hindu lore, he once fought the gods and received immortality in exchange for becoming Vishnu's carrier.,AAAAAA==
640811,Clotho,The youngest of the three Moirae Sisters of Greek legend. She spins the threads of life with her spindle.,AAAAAA==
640812,Lachesis,The middle sister of the three Moirae Sisters of Greek legend. She is the apportioner, measuring the thread which determines each person's lifespan.,AAAAAA==
640813,Atropos,The eldest of the three Moirae Sisters of Greek mythology. She cuts the threads of life for those whose time has come.,AAAAAA==
640821,Seiryu,The noblest of the Ssu-Ling creatures of Chinese myth. It represents the direction east, the season of spring, and the element of wood. It dwells in a palace at the bottom of the ocean.,AAAAAA==
640822,Byakko,One of the Ssu-Ling, celestial creatures of Chinese myth. It represents the direction west, the season of autumn, and the element of metal. He is believed to be the king of all beasts.,AAAAAA==
640823,Suzaku,One of the Ssu-Ling, celestial creatures of Chinese myth. It is a giant bird that is said to chirp in five beautiful voices. It represents the direction south, the season of summer, and the element of fire.,AAAAAA==
640824,Genbu,One of the Ssu-Ling, celestial creatures of Chinese myth. It represents the direction north, the season of winter, and the element of water. Known to be a great warrior, it supports the Earth from below.,AAAAAA==
641011,Moloch,A Canaanite god of fire. A bronze statue of a man with a bull's head stands at his altar. The statue was heated and sacrificial children were thrown inside.,AAAAAA==
641021,Yamata-no-Orochi,A giant snake with eight heads that Susano-o defeated to save Kushinada-Hime. The legendary sword Ame-no-Murakumo-no-Tsurugi, also known as the Sword of Kusanagi	 emerged from its belly.,AAAAAA==
641031,Surt,A fire giant in Norse lore. He rules the fire realm, Muspelheim, and brandishes a burning sword. At Ragnarok, he will set the world ablaze.,AAAAAA==
641041,Hecatoncheires,Giants born from Uranus and Gaia. The name means those with a hundred arms." During the war of the Titans	 Zeus freed them from the Underworld to help him obtain victory.	AAAAAA==
641211	Melchizedek	An angel of Gnosticism	 governing over peace and righteousness. Though said to be the savior of the angels	 he used to be a human	 the king of Salem.	AAAAAA==
641212	Melchizedek	An angel of Gnosticism	 governing over peace and righteousness. Though said to be the savior of the angels	 he used to be a human	 the king of Salem.	AAAAAA==
641221	Nebiros	The general of Hell. He keeps watch over other demons. One of Hell's greatest necromancers	 he can control souls and corpses.	AAAAAA==
641222	Nebiros	The general of Hell. He keeps watch over other demons. One of Hell's greatest necromancers	 he can control souls and corpses.	AAAAAA==
641231	Oberon	The king of the fairies and Titania's husband. He is quite old but	 due to a curse	 his looks are that of a young boy. He often flirts with human women	 which sometimes earns him a scolding from his wife.	AAAAAA==
641232	Titania	The queen of the fairies and Oberon's wife. She is derived from the Roman goddess Diana. She was later immortalized in Shakespeare's play "A Midsummer Night's Dream."	AAAAAA==
641241	Baphomet	A goat-headed demon that is worshipped in Black Sabbaths. His name can be used as a catch-all term for demons in general. He would become an object of worship for witches.	AAAAAA==
641242	Baphomet	A goat-headed demon that is worshipped in Black Sabbaths. His name can be used as a catch-all term for demons in general. He would become an object of worship for witches.	AAAAAA==
641411	Byakko	One of the Ssu-Ling	 celestial creatures of Chinese myth. It represents the direction west	 the season of autumn	 and the element of metal. He is believed to be the king of all beasts.	AAAAAA==
641412	Cerberus	The guardian hound who prevents anyone from entering or exiting the underworld in Greek lore. It was born from Typhon and Echidna	 and is the older brother of Orthrus.	AAAAAA==
641413	Orthrus	The two-headed pet dog belonging to the giant Geryon of Greek myth. He guarded a herd of red oxen but was killed by Hercules during one of his twelve labors.	AAAAAA==
641421	Dionysus	The Greek god of wine and theater. He was originally a god of life protecting the mountains of Thrace. He taught humans how to make wine.	AAAAAA==
641422	Norn	Goddesses of fate in Norse lore. They live below the roots of Yggdrasil and weave the threads of fate	 which even the gods are bound by.	AAAAAA==
641423	Norn	Goddesses of fate in Norse lore. They live below the roots of Yggdrasil and weave the threads of fate	 which even the gods are bound by.	AAAAAA==
641431	Cu Chulainn	A hero in Celtic folklore. He was called Setanta until he earned the name	 "Culann's Hound." There are many tales of his adventures. He received his spear	 Gae Bolg	 from his mentor	 Scathach.	AAAAAA==
641432	Scathach	A warrior woman of the Land of Shadows in Celtic lore. She taught the hero	 Cu Chulainn	 the art of war and gave him the spear	 Gae Bolg.	AAAAAA==
641433	Narcissus	A young man of Greek myth. He rejected the nymph Echo	 who faded to a whisper out of despair. Cursed by Nemesis	 he fell in love with his own reflection and wasted away.	AAAAAA==
641434	Leanan Sidhe	A beautiful fairy of Irish lore that yearns for the love of a human man. She drains the life of her lovers in return for granting them artistic inspiration.	AAAAAA==
641511	Kohryu	Known as the Gold Dragon	 it reigns over the Ssu-Ling	 celestial creatures of Chinese lore. It is located at the center of the four beasts.	AAAAAA==
641521	Beelzebub	Demonic Lord of the Flies whose insect minions carry souls for him to control. He is mentioned in the Bible as a leader of evil spirits and is seen as a powerful demon.	AAAAAA==
641531	Zaou-Gongen	Repeller of evil found at Kinpusen by En-no-Ozunu. Believed to be a fusion of Buddha	 Guanyin	 and Maitreya	 he's a god who originated from Japan rather than the Buddhavacana.	AAAAAA==
641541	Sraosha	In Zoroastrian lore	 Sraosha's duty is to listen to the cry of humans for Ahura Mazda. He is also known to descend after sunset to vanquish evil. His name literally means "observance."	AAAAAA==
641711	Cu Chulainn	A hero in Celtic folklore. He was called Setanta until he earned the name	 "Culann's Hound." There are many tales of his adventures. He received his spear	 Gae Bolg	 from his mentor	 Scathach.	AAAAAA==
641712	Scathach	A warrior woman of the Land of Shadows in Celtic lore. She taught the hero	 Cu Chulainn	 the art of war and gave him the spear	 Gae Bolg.	AAAAAA==
641721	Asura	The Hindu king of Asuras is named Maha Vairocana	 or "One Who Shines On All." In Buddhism	 he is known as Dainichi Nyorai.	AAAAAA==
641722	Lakshmi	The Hindu goddess of beauty and good fortune	 Vishnu's wife	 and Kama's mother. She is the goddess of love	 believed to have been born from an ocean of milk.	AAAAAA==
641731	Raphael	One of the four major archangels	 his name means "healer." He recites the history of the fallen angels and the creation of Adam and Eve.	AAAAAA==
641732	Uriel	One of the fourmajor archangels. His name means "Flame of God	 and he knows all the celestial phenomena. He is the first angel Satan met on earth.,AAAAAA==
641911,King Frost,The king of snow who rules over an infinite number of Jack Frosts. He has the power to freeze the entire world, but is unaware of it due to his naïve personality.,AAAAAA==
641912,Black Frost,A Jack Frost that yearned for evil. This powerful demon is born when a cute Jack Frost remembers its nature as a demon.,AAAAAA==
641913,Black Frost,A Jack Frost that yearned for evil. This powerful demon is born when a cute Jack Frost remembers its nature as a demon.,AAAAAA==
641921,Jikokuten,Also known as Dhritarashtra, he is the protector of the East, and is one of the four Heavenly Kings of Buddhist origin. He helps maintain the security of the nation.,AAAAAA==
641922,Zouchouten,Also known as Virudhaka, he is the protector of the South, and is one of the four Heavenly Kings of Buddhist origin. He is the god of the five grains, and was once the chief of the gods.,AAAAAA==
641923,Koumokuten,Also known as Virupaksha, he is the protector of the West, and is one of the four Heavenly Kings of Buddhist origin. He keeps a close watch on the world with his sharp gaze.,AAAAAA==
641924,Bishamonten,Also known as Tamonten and Vaishravana in Buddhist lore, he is the strongest of the Heavenly Kings. He protects the North and is the god of war.,AAAAAA==
641931,White Rider,One of the Four Horsemen of the Apocalypse, he rides a white horse with a bow in hand. A crown was granted to him, and he promises victory.,AAAAAA==
641932,Black Rider,One of the Four Horsemen of the Apocalypse, he rides a black horse and carries scales. He brings famine and has the right to end lives through suffering.,AAAAAA==
641933,Pale Rider,One of the Four Horsemen of the Apocalypse, he rides a pale horse and represents death. He has the power to destroy life.,AAAAAA==
641934,Red Rider,One of the Four Horsemen of the Apocalypse, he rides a red horse and carries a great sword. He has the power to destroy peace and make men slay one another.,AAAAAA==
643011,Dominion,The fourth of the nine orders of angels. Their duty is to oversee the other angels. Their actions are the manifestation of God's will.,AAAAAA==
643012,Power,The sixth of the nine orders of angels. It is said that they were the first order to be created. Their duty is to protect human souls from demons.,AAAAAA==
643013,Principality,The seventh of the nine orders of angels. They guard cities and nations, and protect various religious figures.,AAAAAA==
643014,Archangel,Eighth of the nine orders of angels. Their duty is to minister to humans and deliver messages. They are warriors of Heaven and lead Heaven's forces during battle with the armies of evil.,AAAAAA==
644011,Yoshitsune,A Japanese general of the Genpei War near the end of the Heian era and start of the Kamakura era. His bold ingenuity and ruthless skill with a blade are still praised in Japan today.,AAAAAA==
644021,Futsunushi,The Nihonshoki sword deity who pacified Ashihara-no-Nakatsukuni. His name comes from futsu	 the fashion in which things are cut, and nushi	 his nature as a god.,AAAAAA==
644031,Mara,A Buddhist demon that represents the fear of death. Also known as The Evil One	 he sent his daughters to tempt Buddha during his meditations.,AAAAAA==
644211,Shiva,One of the major Hindu gods, he is known as the Destroyer, but is also related to regeneration. His wife is Parvati.,AAAAAA==
644212,Vishnu,One of the major Hindu gods, he is the preserver and protector of the universe. Legends claim that he will make ten appearances across time and space to strike down evil and uphold justice.,AAAAAA==
644221,Beelzebub,Demonic Lord of the Flies whose insect minions carry souls for him to control. He is mentioned in the Bible as a leader of evil spirits and is seen as a powerful demon.,AAAAAA==
644222,Abaddon,The Destroyer" and "Angel of the Bottomless Pit" as described in ancient scriptures. He controls locusts	 using them to cause massive destruction to villages.	AAAAAA==
644231	Mada	A giant Hindu monster. Its mouth is so enormous it can swallow the Earth and the heavens in one bite. Its name means "He Who Intoxicates."	AAAAAA==
644232	Moloch	A Canaanite god of fire. A bronze statue of a man with a bull's head stands at his altar. The statue was heated and sacrificial children were thrown inside.	AAAAAA==
644411	Raphael	One of the four major archangels	 his name means "healer." He recites the history of the fallen angels and the creation of Adam and Eve.	AAAAAA==
644412	Uriel	One of the fourmajor archangels. His name means "Flame of God	 and he knows all the celestial phenomena. He is the first angel Satan met on earth.,AAAAAA==
644413,Michael,One of the four major archangels, he is at the top of the angelic hierarchy. He carries a long spear that can cut through anything, and his name means one who is like God."	AAAAAA==
644414	Gabriel	One of the four major archangels. She is also the only female angel at this rank. Her name comes from the Sumerian word for "governor." She is the angel who told Mary of her pregnancy.	AAAAAA==
644421	Anubis	The jackal-headed god of the dead and embalming from Egyptian myth. He weighs the hearts of the dead to determine their final destination.	AAAAAA==
644422	Seth	The Egyptian god of the desert	 chaos	 and evil. He murdered his brother	 Osiris	 and tried to become chief god	 but he was castrated by Osiris's son	 Horus.	AAAAAA==
644423	Thoth	Egyptian moon god that takes the form of a baboon	 he is the one who measures time. He gave Isis the power to resurrect Osiris after he was killed by the evil god Seth.	AAAAAA==
644424	Horus	An ancient god of Egypt whose eyes are the sun and moon. Revered by some as the chief god	 he is often depicted as a hawk or a falcon.	AAAAAA==
645011	Atavaka	One of the eight Yashaou. His domain is war and protection. Once a child-eating demon	 he became one of the greatest of the Wisdom Kings after the Buddha converted him to good.	When Atavaka takes damage from a skill	 he gains a Mark based on that skill's <color=#FF423F>attribute</color>	 up to 7 stacks.
When he has collected 3 Marks of the same attribute	 Atavaka spends all Marks to summon a Rakshasa.
When Rakshasa is defeated	 it increases all Phantom Thieves' damage for that attribute. Atavaka can summon Rakshasa up to 2 times.
645015	Rakshasa	A Hindu demon. He is an enemy of the gods and attacks humans to feed off of them. His hideous appearance strikes fear into those who see him. Rakshasa shape-shifts to deceive his enemies.	After being defeated	 all Phantom Thieves' Physical damage increases.
645016	Rakshasa	A Hindu demon. He is an enemy of the gods and attacks humans to feed off of them. His hideous appearance strikes fear into those who see him. Rakshasa shape-shifts to deceive his enemies.	After being defeated	 all Phantom Thieves' Gun damage increases.
645017	Rakshasa	A Hindu demon. He is an enemy of the gods and attacks humans to feed off of them. His hideous appearance strikes fear into those who see him. Rakshasa shape-shifts to deceive his enemies.	After being defeated	 all Phantom Thieves' Fire damage increases.
645018	Rakshasa	A Hindu demon. He is an enemy of the gods and attacks humans to feed off of them. His hideous appearance strikes fear into those who see him. Rakshasa shape-shifts to deceive his enemies.	After being defeated	 all Phantom Thieves' Ice damage increases.
645019	Rakshasa	A Hindu demon. He is an enemy of the gods and attacks humans to feed off of them. His hideous appearance strikes fear into those who see him. Rakshasa shape-shifts to deceive his enemies.	After being defeated	 all Phantom Thieves' Electric damage increases.
645020	Rakshasa	A Hindu demon. He is an enemy of the gods and attacks humans to feed off of them. His hideous appearance strikes fear into those who see him. Rakshasa shape-shifts to deceive his enemies.	After being defeated	 all Phantom Thieves' Wind damage increases.
645021	Rakshasa	A Hindu demon. He is an enemy of the gods and attacks humans to feed off of them. His hideous appearance strikes fear into those who see him. Rakshasa shape-shifts to deceive his enemies.	After being defeated	 all Phantom Thieves' Psy damage increases.
645022	Rakshasa	A Hindu demon. He is an enemy of the gods and attacks humans to feed off of them. His hideous appearance strikes fear into those who see him. Rakshasa shape-shifts to deceive his enemies.	After being defeated	 all Phantom Thieves' Nuclear damage increases.
645023	Rakshasa	A Hindu demon. He is an enemy of the gods and attacks humans to feed off of them. His hideous appearance strikes fear into those who see him. Rakshasa shape-shifts to deceive his enemies.	After being defeated	 all Phantom Thieves' Bless damage increases.
645024	Rakshasa	A Hindu demon. He is an enemy of the gods and attacks humans to feed off of them. His hideous appearance strikes fear into those who see him. Rakshasa shape-shifts to deceive his enemies.	After being defeated	 all Phantom Thieves' Curse damage increases.
645025	Rakshasa	A Hindu demon. He is an enemy of the gods and attacks humans to feed off of them. His hideous appearance strikes fear into those who see him. Rakshasa shape-shifts to deceive his enemies.	After being defeated	 all Phantom Thieves' Almighty damage increases.
11	Single Target Damage	A winter fairy of European descent. He leaves ice patterns on windows and nips people's noses. Though normally an innocent creature	 he will freeze his victims to death if provoked.	AAAAAA==
12	Multi-Target Damage	A female demon of European lore in medieval times. They visit sleeping men and have sexual intercourse with them. The victims don't wake up but may dream of the encounter.	AAAAAA==
13	Enemy Special Effects (Multi-Target Damage)	An evil creature with two curving horns from European folklore. It represents impurity	 unlike the Unicorn. Said to be derived from Re'em in the Bible. Another legend says that it feeds off of loyal husbands.	AAAAAA==
14	Single-Target Debuff	The queen of the fairies and Oberon's wife. She is derived from the Roman goddess Diana. She was later immortalized in Shakespeare's play "A Midsummer Night's Dream."	AAAAAA==
15	Multi-Target Debuff	A winter fairy of European descent. He leaves ice patterns on windows and nips people's noses. Though normally an innocent creature	 he will freeze his victims to death if provoked.	AAAAAA==
16	Error: tnxotb-[GuaiWu_name_16]	Eighth of the nine orders of angels. Their duty is to minister to humans and deliver messages. They are warriors of Heaven and lead Heaven's forces during battle with the armies of evil.	AAAAAA==
17	Error: tnxotb-[GuaiWu_name_17]	A Persona of another story.
One of the ancient gods who existed before Japan was formed.
He created the Oyashima from chaos	 then gave birth to countless children and laid the foundation of soil and nature.	AAAAAA==
18	Error: tnxotb-[GuaiWu_name_18]	An evil monster from Japanese lore known for its hideous visage and brute strength. They loot and plunder villages	 massacring the townspeople with their iron clubs. They have horns on their heads	 red skin	 long claws	 and razor-sharp teeth.	AAAAAA==
19	Error: tnxotb-[GuaiWu_name_19]	A winter fairy of European descent. He leaves ice patterns on windows and nips people's noses. Though normally an innocent creature	 he will freeze his victims to death if provoked.	AAAAAA==
20	Error: tnxotb-[GuaiWu_name_20]	A winter fairy of European descent. He leaves ice patterns on windows and nips people's noses. Though normally an innocent creature	 he will freeze his victims to death if provoked.	AAAAAA==
21	Raga	A powerful enemy that appeared in a mysterious Palace. At first glance	 it appears to be a Palace ruler	 but its true nature is something different. While Palace rulers protect their precious treasures	 Raga simply guards the Core out of pure greed. In order to claim the Core	 Raga took the form of a former Palace ruler as his own.	AAAAAA==
22	Error: tnxotb-[GuaiWu_name_22]	A winter fairy of European descent. He leaves ice patterns on windows and nips people's noses. Though normally an innocent creature	 he will freeze his victims to death if provoked.	AAAAAA==
23	Raga's Minion (Flee) Resist	A winter fairy of European descent. He leaves ice patterns on windows and nips people's noses. Though normally an innocent creature	 he will freeze his victims to death if provoked.	AAAAAA==
24	Raga's Minion (Down) Null	A winter fairy of European descent. He leaves ice patterns on windows and nips people's noses. Though normally an innocent creature	 he will freeze his victims to death if provoked.	AAAAAA==
25	Raga's Minion (Flee) Repel	A winter fairy of European descent. He leaves ice patterns on windows and nips people's noses. Though normally an innocent creature	 he will freeze his victims to death if provoked.	AAAAAA==
26	Raga's Minion (Dazed) Drain	A winter fairy of European descent. He leaves ice patterns on windows and nips people's noses. Though normally an innocent creature	 he will freeze his victims to death if provoked.	AAAAAA==
27	Standby Wooden Dummy	A winter fairy of European descent. He leaves ice patterns on windows and nips people's noses. Though normally an innocent creature	 he will freeze his victims to death if provoked.	AAAAAA==
28	Single Ally Healing	A winter fairy of European descent. He leaves ice patterns on windows and nips people's noses. Though normally an innocent creature	 he will freeze his victims to death if provoked.	AAAAAA==
29	Multi-Ally Healing	A winter fairy of European descent. He leaves ice patterns on windows and nips people's noses. Though normally an innocent creature	 he will freeze his victims to death if provoked.	AAAAAA==
30	Single Ally Buff	A winter fairy of European descent. He leaves ice patterns on windows and nips people's noses. Though normally an innocent creature	 he will freeze his victims to death if provoked.	AAAAAA==
31	Single Target Buff	A winter fairy of European descent. He leaves ice patterns on windows and nips people's noses. Though normally an innocent creature	 he will freeze his victims to death if provoked.	AAAAAA==
32	Ally Special Effects (Multi-Target Damage)	A winter fairy of European descent. He leaves ice patterns on windows and nips people's noses. Though normally an innocent creature	 he will freeze his victims to death if provoked.	AAAAAA==
33	Ally Buff	A female demon of European lore in medieval times. They visit sleeping men and have sexual intercourse with them. The victims don't wake up but may dream of the encounter.	AAAAAA==
34	Enemy Buff	A drunkard who tricked the Devil out of taking him to Hell. When refused entry to Heaven	 he was forced to wander the earth with only an ember as a light.	AAAAAA==
35	Counterattacking Dummy	A winter fairy of European descent. He leaves ice patterns on windows and nips people's noses. Though normally an innocent creature	 he will freeze his victims to death if provoked.	AAAAAA==
36	Damage Down Healing Dummy	A winter fairy of European descent. He leaves ice patterns on windows and nips people's noses. Though normally an innocent creature	 he will freeze his victims to death if provoked.	AAAAAA==
37	Adapting Dummy	A winter fairy of European descent. He leaves ice patterns on windows and nips people's noses. Though normally an innocent creature	 he will freeze his victims to death if provoked.	AAAAAA==
73	Error: tnxotb-[GuaiWu_name_73]	A general term for familiars used by Judeo-Christian magicians	 they are usually sealed away in bottles	 rings	 or talismans. They torment the target selected by the conjuror.	AAAAAA==
74	Error: tnxotb-[GuaiWu_name_74]	A winter fairy of European descent. He leaves ice patterns on windows and nips people's noses. Though normally an innocent creature	 he will freeze his victims to death if provoked.	AAAAAA==
75	Anubis	The jackal-headed god of the dead and embalming from Egyptian myth. He weighs the hearts of the dead to determine their final destination.	AAAAAA==
76	Jack Frost	A winter fairy of European descent. He leaves ice patterns on windows and nips people's noses. Though normally an innocent creature	 he will freeze his victims to death if provoked.	AAAAAA==
77	Jack Frost	A winter fairy of European descent. He leaves ice patterns on windows and nips people's noses. Though normally an innocent creature	 he will freeze his victims to death if provoked.	AAAAAA==
78	All-out Catch Attack	 Precise Damage	A winter fairy of European descent. He leaves ice patterns on windows and nips people's noses. Though normally an innocent creature	 he will freeze his victims to death if provoked.	AAAAAA==
79	Unicorn	A legendary white horse with a single spiral horn. It can only be tamed by a pure maiden	 and its horn supposedly has miraculous healing capabilities.	AAAAAA==
80	Takeyuki "Cupid" Kiuchi	A Shadow taking the form of Cupid. His wings of lust and pitching machine full of pleasure are a manifestation of his Desire	 which has grown to unimaginable power. Before a crowd of cheering fans	 he throws his famous pitch that drives teammates wild and throws his opponent off-guard. A true MVP	 he's always the center of attention in the stadium.	AAAAAA==
81	Takeyuki "Cupid" Kiuchi	A Shadow taking the form of Cupid. His wings of lust and pitching machine full of pleasure are a manifestation of his Desire	 which has grown to unimaginable power. Before a crowd of cheering fans	 he throws his famous pitch that drives teammates wild and throws his opponent off-guard. A true MVP	 he's always the center of attention in the stadium.	AAAAAA==
82	Takeyuki "Cupid" Kiuchi	A Shadow taking the form of Cupid. His wings of lust and pitching machine full of pleasure are a manifestation of his Desire	 which has grown to unimaginable power. Before a crowd of cheering fans	 he throws his famous pitch that drives teammates wild and throws his opponent off-guard. A true MVP	 he's always the center of attention in the stadium.	AAAAAA==
83	Standby Wooden Dummy	A winter fairy of European descent. He leaves ice patterns on windows and nips people's noses. Though normally an innocent creature	 he will freeze his victims to death if provoked.	AAAAAA==
84	Error: tnxotb-[GuaiWu_name_84]	A winter fairy of European descent. He leaves ice patterns on windows and nips people's noses. Though normally an innocent creature	 he will freeze his victims to death if provoked.	AAAAAA==
85	Error: tnxotb-[GuaiWu_name_85]	One of the 72 demons of the Goetia. He looks like a knight and has the power to see things to come. He also knows much about war.	AAAAAA==
86	Enraged Frost 1	A winter fairy of European descent. He leaves ice patterns on windows and nips people's noses. Though normally an innocent creature	 he will freeze his victims to death if provoked.	AAAAAA==
87	Enraged Frost 2	A winter fairy of European descent. He leaves ice patterns on windows and nips people's noses. Though normally an innocent creature	 he will freeze his victims to death if provoked.	AAAAAA==
88	Enraged Frost Damages Others	A winter fairy of European descent. He leaves ice patterns on windows and nips people's noses. Though normally an innocent creature	 he will freeze his victims to death if provoked.	AAAAAA==
89	Normal Attack Fleeing Frost	A winter fairy of European descent. He leaves ice patterns on windows and nips people's noses. Though normally an innocent creature	 he will freeze his victims to death if provoked.	AAAAAA==
90	Gun Attack Fleeing Frost	A winter fairy of European descent. He leaves ice patterns on windows and nips people's noses. Though normally an innocent creature	 he will freeze his victims to death if provoked.	AAAAAA==
91	Skill Fleeing Frost	A winter fairy of European descent. He leaves ice patterns on windows and nips people's noses. Though normally an innocent creature	 he will freeze his victims to death if provoked.	AAAAAA==
92	Mara	A Buddhist demon that represents the fear of death. Also known as "The Evil One	 he sent his daughters to tempt Buddha during his meditations.,AAAAAA==
93,Error: tnxotb-[GuaiWu_name_93],One of the 72 demons of the Goetia. He looks like a knight and has the power to see things to come. He also knows much about war.,AAAAAA==
94,Weaken Phase 1,One of the 72 demons of the Goetia. Known as the Duke of Hell, he rides a gigantic horse and burns those without manners.,AAAAAA==
95,Error: tnxotb-[GuaiWu_name_95],One of the 72 demons of the Goetia. He looks like a knight and has the power to see things to come. He also knows much about war.,AAAAAA==
96,Weaken Phase 2,One of the 72 demons of the Goetia. Known as the Duke of Hell, he rides a gigantic horse and burns those without manners.,AAAAAA==
97,Error: tnxotb-[GuaiWu_name_97],One of the 72 demons of the Goetia. He looks like a knight and has the power to see things to come. He also knows much about war.,AAAAAA==
98,Weaken Phase 3,One of the 72 demons of the Goetia. Known as the Duke of Hell, he rides a gigantic horse and burns those without manners.,AAAAAA==
99,Error: tnxotb-[GuaiWu_name_99],One of the 72 demons of the Goetia. He looks like a knight and has the power to see things to come. He also knows much about war.,AAAAAA==
100,Error: tnxotb-[GuaiWu_name_100],One of the 72 demons of the Goetia. He looks like a knight and has the power to see things to come. He also knows much about war.,AAAAAA==
2001,Error: tnxotb-[GuaiWu_name_2001],One of the 72 demons of the Goetia. He looks like a knight and has the power to see things to come. He also knows much about war.,AAAAAA==
2002,Error: tnxotb-[GuaiWu_name_2002],One of the 72 demons of the Goetia. He looks like a knight and has the power to see things to come. He also knows much about war.,AAAAAA==
2003,Error: tnxotb-[GuaiWu_name_2003],One of the 72 demons of the Goetia. He looks like a knight and has the power to see things to come. He also knows much about war.,AAAAAA==
2004,Error: tnxotb-[GuaiWu_name_2004],One of the 72 demons of the Goetia. Known as the Duke of Hell, he rides a gigantic horse and burns those without manners.,AAAAAA==
2005,Error: tnxotb-[GuaiWu_name_2005],A winter fairy of European descent. He leaves ice patterns on windows and nips people's noses. Though normally an innocent creature, he will freeze his victims to death if provoked.,AAAAAA==
2006,Error: tnxotb-[GuaiWu_name_2006],A drunkard who tricked the Devil out of taking him to Hell. When refused entry to Heaven, he was forced to wander the earth with only an ember as a light.,AAAAAA==
2007,Jikokuten,Also known as Dhritarashtra, he is the protector of the East, and is one of the four Heavenly Kings of Buddhist origin. He helps maintain the security of the nation.,AAAAAA==
2008,Zouchouten,Also known as Virudhaka, he is the protector of the South, and is one of the four Heavenly Kings of Buddhist origin. He is the god of the five grains, and was once the chief of the gods.,AAAAAA==
2009,Phoenix,The legendary bird of Chinese myth, said to appear only in times of peace. It is the ruler of all birds. When it dies, birds across the land chirp with sadness.,AAAAAA==
2010,Phoenix,The legendary bird of Chinese myth, said to appear only in times of peace. It is the ruler of all birds. When it dies, birds across the land chirp with sadness.,AAAAAA==
2011,Atavaka,One of the eight Yashaou. His domain is war and protection. Once a child-eating demon, he became one of the greatest of the Wisdom Kings after the Buddha converted him to good.,AAAAAA==
2012,Raga 1,A powerful enemy that appeared in a mysterious Palace. At first glance, it appears to be a Palace ruler, but its true nature is something different. While Palace rulers protect their precious treasures, Raga simply guards the Core out of pure greed. In order to claim the Core, Raga took the form of a former Palace ruler as his own.,AAAAAA==
2013,Raga 2,A powerful enemy that appeared in a mysterious Palace. At first glance, it appears to be a Palace ruler, but its true nature is something different. While Palace rulers protect their precious treasures, Raga simply guards the Core out of pure greed. In order to claim the Core, Raga took the form of a former Palace ruler as his own.,AAAAAA==
2014,Dvesha's Left Eye,A mysterious painting. Only the left eye is depicted in the frame. It appears to be based on a famous artist's self-portrait, but it is not a perfect replica.,AAAAAA==
2015,Dvesha's Right Eye,A mysterious painting. The frame depicts only the fierce gaze of a gigantic right eye. It appears to be the self-portrait of a famous artist, but it's merely a poor reproduction.,AAAAAA==
2016,Dvesha's Nose,A mysterious painting. The enormous frame depicts only a nose, which is reminiscent of a certain Palace ruler, but even a casual viewer can tell it is a fake.,AAAAAA==
2017,Dvesha's Mouth,A mysterious painting. The frame depicts only the mouth, but from the crooked teeth, it appears to be an amateurish imitation of a famous Palace ruler.,AAAAAA==
2018,Nidhoggr,An evil dragon that gnaws on the roots of Yggdrasil, the World Tree. It rules over the evil snakes that live there. Capable of surviving Ragnarok by feeding on the slain corpses that drift to it.,AAAAAA==
2023,Corporobo MDL-WKR,-,AAAAAA==
2024,Corporobo MDL-CH,-,AAAAAA==
2025,Corporobo MDL-AM,-,AAAAAA==
2026,Corporobo MDL-DM,-,AAAAAA==
2027,Corporobo MDL-GM,-,AAAAAA==
2028,Corporobo MDL-ED,-,AAAAAA==
2029,Jack-o'-Lantern,A drunkard who tricked the Devil out of taking him to Hell. When refused entry to Heaven, he was forced to wander the earth with only an ember as a light.,AAAAAA==
8041,Error: tnxotb-[GuaiWu_name_8041],A mysterious Shadow found in the Dam Palace. Its body is covered in mechanical equipment, and it seems to have its own thoughts and goals, unlike other Shadows. While its combat ability is not especially strong, it has other abilities that make it quite troublesome.,AAAAAA==
8151,Jack Frost,A winter fairy of European descent. He leaves ice patterns on windows and nips people's noses. Though normally an innocent creature, he will freeze his victims to death if provoked.,AAAAAA==
8152,Jack-o'-Lantern,A drunkard who tricked the Devil out of taking him to Hell. When refused entry to Heaven, he was forced to wander the earth with only an ember as a light.,AAAAAA==
8153,Jack-o'-Lantern,A drunkard who tricked the Devil out of taking him to Hell. When refused entry to Heaven, he was forced to wander the earth with only an ember as a light.,AAAAAA==
8161,Jack Frost,A winter fairy of European descent. He leaves ice patterns on windows and nips people's noses. Though normally an innocent creature, he will freeze his victims to death if provoked.,AAAAAA==
8162,Jack-o'-Lantern,A drunkard who tricked the Devil out of taking him to Hell. When refused entry to Heaven, he was forced to wander the earth with only an ember as a light.,AAAAAA==
8163,Jack-o'-Lantern,A drunkard who tricked the Devil out of taking him to Hell. When refused entry to Heaven, he was forced to wander the earth with only an ember as a light.,AAAAAA==
8171,Jack Frost,A winter fairy of European descent. He leaves ice patterns on windows and nips people's noses. Though normally an innocent creature, he will freeze his victims to death if provoked.,AAAAAA==
8172,Jack-o'-Lantern,A drunkard who tricked the Devil out of taking him to Hell. When refused entry to Heaven, he was forced to wander the earth with only an ember as a light.,AAAAAA==
8173,Jack-o'-Lantern,A drunkard who tricked the Devil out of taking him to Hell. When refused entry to Heaven, he was forced to wander the earth with only an ember as a light.,AAAAAA==
8181,Jack Frost,A winter fairy of European descent. He leaves ice patterns on windows and nips people's noses. Though normally an innocent creature, he will freeze his victims to death if provoked.,AAAAAA==
8182,Jack-o'-Lantern,A drunkard who tricked the Devil out of taking him to Hell. When refused entry to Heaven, he was forced to wander the earth with only an ember as a light.,AAAAAA==
8183,Jack-o'-Lantern,A drunkard who tricked the Devil out of taking him to Hell. When refused entry to Heaven, he was forced to wander the earth with only an ember as a light.,AAAAAA==
8191,Jack Frost,A winter fairy of European descent. He leaves ice patterns on windows and nips people's noses. Though normally an innocent creature, he will freeze his victims to death if provoked.,AAAAAA==
8192,Jack-o'-Lantern,A drunkard who tricked the Devil out of taking him to Hell. When refused entry to Heaven, he was forced to wander the earth with only an ember as a light.,AAAAAA==
8193,Jack-o'-Lantern,A drunkard who tricked the Devil out of taking him to Hell. When refused entry to Heaven, he was forced to wander the earth with only an ember as a light.,AAAAAA==
8201,Jack Frost,A winter fairy of European descent. He leaves ice patterns on windows and nips people's noses. Though normally an innocent creature, he will freeze his victims to death if provoked.,AAAAAA==
8202,Jack-o'-Lantern,A drunkard who tricked the Devil out of taking him to Hell. When refused entry to Heaven, he was forced to wander the earth with only an ember as a light.,AAAAAA==
8203,Jack-o'-Lantern,A drunkard who tricked the Devil out of taking him to Hell. When refused entry to Heaven, he was forced to wander the earth with only an ember as a light.,AAAAAA==
8211,Jack Frost,A winter fairy of European descent. He leaves ice patterns on windows and nips people's noses. Though normally an innocent creature, he will freeze his victims to death if provoked.,AAAAAA==
8212,Jack-o'-Lantern,A drunkard who tricked the Devil out of taking him to Hell. When refused entry to Heaven, he was forced to wander the earth with only an ember as a light.,AAAAAA==
8213,Jack-o'-Lantern,A drunkard who tricked the Devil out of taking him to Hell. When refused entry to Heaven, he was forced to wander the earth with only an ember as a light.,AAAAAA==
8221,Jack Frost,A winter fairy of European descent. He leaves ice patterns on windows and nips people's noses. Though normally an innocent creature, he will freeze his victims to death if provoked.,AAAAAA==
8222,Jack-o'-Lantern,A drunkard who tricked the Devil out of taking him to Hell. When refused entry to Heaven, he was forced to wander the earth with only an ember as a light.,AAAAAA==
8223,Jack-o'-Lantern,A drunkard who tricked the Devil out of taking him to Hell. When refused entry to Heaven, he was forced to wander the earth with only an ember as a light.,AAAAAA==
8231,Jack Frost,A winter fairy of European descent. He leaves ice patterns on windows and nips people's noses. Though normally an innocent creature, he will freeze his victims to death if provoked.,AAAAAA==
8232,Jack-o'-Lantern,A drunkard who tricked the Devil out of taking him to Hell. When refused entry to Heaven, he was forced to wander the earth with only an ember as a light.,AAAAAA==
8233,Jack-o'-Lantern,A drunkard who tricked the Devil out of taking him to Hell. When refused entry to Heaven, he was forced to wander the earth with only an ember as a light.,AAAAAA==
8241,Jack Frost,A winter fairy of European descent. He leaves ice patterns on windows and nips people's noses. Though normally an innocent creature, he will freeze his victims to death if provoked.,AAAAAA==
8242,Jack-o'-Lantern,A drunkard who tricked the Devil out of taking him to Hell. When refused entry to Heaven, he was forced to wander the earth with only an ember as a light.,AAAAAA==
8243,Jack-o'-Lantern,A drunkard who tricked the Devil out of taking him to Hell. When refused entry to Heaven, he was forced to wander the earth with only an ember as a light.,AAAAAA==
8251,Jack Frost,A winter fairy of European descent. He leaves ice patterns on windows and nips people's noses. Though normally an innocent creature, he will freeze his victims to death if provoked.,AAAAAA==
8252,Jack-o'-Lantern,A drunkard who tricked the Devil out of taking him to Hell. When refused entry to Heaven, he was forced to wander the earth with only an ember as a light.,AAAAAA==
8253,Jack-o'-Lantern,A drunkard who tricked the Devil out of taking him to Hell. When refused entry to Heaven, he was forced to wander the earth with only an ember as a light.,AAAAAA==
8261,Jack Frost,A winter fairy of European descent. He leaves ice patterns on windows and nips people's noses. Though normally an innocent creature, he will freeze his victims to death if provoked.,AAAAAA==
8262,Jack-o'-Lantern,A drunkard who tricked the Devil out of taking him to Hell. When refused entry to Heaven, he was forced to wander the earth with only an ember as a light.,AAAAAA==
8263,Jack-o'-Lantern,A drunkard who tricked the Devil out of taking him to Hell. When refused entry to Heaven, he was forced to wander the earth with only an ember as a light.,AAAAAA==
8271,Jack Frost,A winter fairy of European descent. He leaves ice patterns on windows and nips people's noses. Though normally an innocent creature, he will freeze his victims to death if provoked.,AAAAAA==
8272,Jack-o'-Lantern,A drunkard who tricked the Devil out of taking him to Hell. When refused entry to Heaven, he was forced to wander the earth with only an ember as a light.,AAAAAA==
8273,Jack-o'-Lantern,A drunkard who tricked the Devil out of taking him to Hell. When refused entry to Heaven, he was forced to wander the earth with only an ember as a light.,AAAAAA==
8281,Jack Frost,A winter fairy of European descent. He leaves ice patterns on windows and nips people's noses. Though normally an innocent creature, he will freeze his victims to death if provoked.,AAAAAA==
8282,Jack-o'-Lantern,A drunkard who tricked the Devil out of taking him to Hell. When refused entry to Heaven, he was forced to wander the earth with only an ember as a light.,AAAAAA==
8283,Jack-o'-Lantern,A drunkard who tricked the Devil out of taking him to Hell. When refused entry to Heaven, he was forced to wander the earth with only an ember as a light.,AAAAAA==
8291,Jack Frost,A winter fairy of European descent. He leaves ice patterns on windows and nips people's noses. Though normally an innocent creature, he will freeze his victims to death if provoked.,AAAAAA==
8292,Jack-o'-Lantern,A drunkard who tricked the Devil out of taking him to Hell. When refused entry to Heaven, he was forced to wander the earth with only an ember as a light.,AAAAAA==
8293,Jack-o'-Lantern,A drunkard who tricked the Devil out of taking him to Hell. When refused entry to Heaven, he was forced to wander the earth with only an ember as a light.,AAAAAA==
8301,Jack Frost,A winter fairy of European descent. He leaves ice patterns on windows and nips people's noses. Though normally an innocent creature, he will freeze his victims to death if provoked.,AAAAAA==
8302,Jack-o'-Lantern,A drunkard who tricked the Devil out of taking him to Hell. When refused entry to Heaven, he was forced to wander the earth with only an ember as a light.,AAAAAA==
8303,Jack-o'-Lantern,A drunkard who tricked the Devil out of taking him to Hell. When refused entry to Heaven, he was forced to wander the earth with only an ember as a light.,AAAAAA==
8311,Jack Frost,A winter fairy of European descent. He leaves ice patterns on windows and nips people's noses. Though normally an innocent creature, he will freeze his victims to death if provoked.,AAAAAA==
8312,Jack-o'-Lantern,A drunkard who tricked the Devil out of taking him to Hell. When refused entry to Heaven, he was forced to wander the earth with only an ember as a light.,AAAAAA==
8313,Jack-o'-Lantern,A drunkard who tricked the Devil out of taking him to Hell. When refused entry to Heaven, he was forced to wander the earth with only an ember as a light.,AAAAAA==
8321,Jack Frost,A winter fairy of European descent. He leaves ice patterns on windows and nips people's noses. Though normally an innocent creature, he will freeze his victims to death if provoked.,AAAAAA==
8322,Jack-o'-Lantern,A drunkard who tricked the Devil out of taking him to Hell. When refused entry to Heaven, he was forced to wander the earth with only an ember as a light.,AAAAAA==
8323,Jack-o'-Lantern,A drunkard who tricked the Devil out of taking him to Hell. When refused entry to Heaven, he was forced to wander the earth with only an ember as a light.,AAAAAA==
8331,Jack Frost,A winter fairy of European descent. He leaves ice patterns on windows and nips people's noses. Though normally an innocent creature, he will freeze his victims to death if provoked.,AAAAAA==
8332,Jack-o'-Lantern,A drunkard who tricked the Devil out of taking him to Hell. When refused entry to Heaven, he was forced to wander the earth with only an ember as a light.,AAAAAA==
8333,Jack-o'-Lantern,A drunkard who tricked the Devil out of taking him to Hell. When refused entry to Heaven, he was forced to wander the earth with only an ember as a light.,AAAAAA==
8341,Jack Frost,A winter fairy of European descent. He leaves ice patterns on windows and nips people's noses. Though normally an innocent creature, he will freeze his victims to death if provoked.,AAAAAA==
8342,Jack-o'-Lantern,A drunkard who tricked the Devil out of taking him to Hell. When refused entry to Heaven, he was forced to wander the earth with only an ember as a light.,AAAAAA==
8343,Jack-o'-Lantern,A drunkard who tricked the Devil out of taking him to Hell. When refused entry to Heaven, he was forced to wander the earth with only an ember as a light.,AAAAAA==
8351,Jack Frost,A winter fairy of European descent. He leaves ice patterns on windows and nips people's noses. Though normally an innocent creature, he will freeze his victims to death if provoked.,AAAAAA==
8352,Jack-o'-Lantern,A drunkard who tricked the Devil out of taking him to Hell. When refused entry to Heaven, he was forced to wander the earth with only an ember as a light.,AAAAAA==
8353,Jack-o'-Lantern,A drunkard who tricked the Devil out of taking him to Hell. When refused entry to Heaven, he was forced to wander the earth with only an ember as a light.,AAAAAA==
8361,Jack Frost,A winter fairy of European descent. He leaves ice patterns on windows and nips people's noses. Though normally an innocent creature, he will freeze his victims to death if provoked.,AAAAAA==
8362,Jack-o'-Lantern,A drunkard who tricked the Devil out of taking him to Hell. When refused entry to Heaven, he was forced to wander the earth with only an ember as a light.,AAAAAA==
8363,Jack-o'-Lantern,A drunkard who tricked the Devil out of taking him to Hell. When refused entry to Heaven, he was forced to wander the earth with only an ember as a light.,AAAAAA==
8371,Jack Frost,A winter fairy of European descent. He leaves ice patterns on windows and nips people's noses. Though normally an innocent creature, he will freeze his victims to death if provoked.,AAAAAA==
8372,Jack-o'-Lantern,A drunkard who tricked the Devil out of taking him to Hell. When refused entry to Heaven, he was forced to wander the earth with only an ember as a light.,AAAAAA==
8373,Jack-o'-Lantern,A drunkard who tricked the Devil out of taking him to Hell. When refused entry to Heaven, he was forced to wander the earth with only an ember as a light.,AAAAAA==
8381,Jack Frost,A winter fairy of European descent. He leaves ice patterns on windows and nips people's noses. Though normally an innocent creature, he will freeze his victims to death if provoked.,AAAAAA==
8382,Jack-o'-Lantern,A drunkard who tricked the Devil out of taking him to Hell. When refused entry to Heaven, he was forced to wander the earth with only an ember as a light.,AAAAAA==
8383,Jack-o'-Lantern,A drunkard who tricked the Devil out of taking him to Hell. When refused entry to Heaven, he was forced to wander the earth with only an ember as a light.,AAAAAA==
8391,Jack Frost,A winter fairy of European descent. He leaves ice patterns on windows and nips people's noses. Though normally an innocent creature, he will freeze his victims to death if provoked.,AAAAAA==
8392,Jack-o'-Lantern,A drunkard who tricked the Devil out of taking him to Hell. When refused entry to Heaven, he was forced to wander the earth with only an ember as a light.,AAAAAA==
8393,Jack-o'-Lantern,A drunkard who tricked the Devil out of taking him to Hell. When refused entry to Heaven, he was forced to wander the earth with only an ember as a light.,AAAAAA==
8401,Jack Frost,A winter fairy of European descent. He leaves ice patterns on windows and nips people's noses. Though normally an innocent creature, he will freeze his victims to death if provoked.,AAAAAA==
8402,Jack-o'-Lantern,A drunkard who tricked the Devil out of taking him to Hell. When refused entry to Heaven, he was forced to wander the earth with only an ember as a light.,AAAAAA==
8403,Jack-o'-Lantern,A drunkard who tricked the Devil out of taking him to Hell. When refused entry to Heaven, he was forced to wander the earth with only an ember as a light.,AAAAAA==
8411,Jack Frost,A winter fairy of European descent. He leaves ice patterns on windows and nips people's noses. Though normally an innocent creature, he will freeze his victims to death if provoked.,AAAAAA==
8412,Jack-o'-Lantern,A drunkard who tricked the Devil out of taking him to Hell. When refused entry to Heaven, he was forced to wander the earth with only an ember as a light.,AAAAAA==
8413,Jack-o'-Lantern,A drunkard who tricked the Devil out of taking him to Hell. When refused entry to Heaven, he was forced to wander the earth with only an ember as a light.,AAAAAA==
8421,Jack Frost,A winter fairy of European descent. He leaves ice patterns on windows and nips people's noses. Though normally an innocent creature, he will freeze his victims to death if provoked.,AAAAAA==
8422,Jack-o'-Lantern,A drunkard who tricked the Devil out of taking him to Hell. When refused entry to Heaven, he was forced to wander the earth with only an ember as a light.,AAAAAA==
8423,Jack-o'-Lantern,A drunkard who tricked the Devil out of taking him to Hell. When refused entry to Heaven, he was forced to wander the earth with only an ember as a light.,AAAAAA==
8431,Jack Frost,A winter fairy of European descent. He leaves ice patterns on windows and nips people's noses. Though normally an innocent creature, he will freeze his victims to death if provoked.,AAAAAA==
8432,Jack-o'-Lantern,A drunkard who tricked the Devil out of taking him to Hell. When refused entry to Heaven, he was forced to wander the earth with only an ember as a light.,AAAAAA==
8433,Jack-o'-Lantern,A drunkard who tricked the Devil out of taking him to Hell. When refused entry to Heaven, he was forced to wander the earth with only an ember as a light.,AAAAAA==
8441,Jack Frost,A winter fairy of European descent. He leaves ice patterns on windows and nips people's noses. Though normally an innocent creature, he will freeze his victims to death if provoked.,AAAAAA==
8442,Jack-o'-Lantern,A drunkard who tricked the Devil out of taking him to Hell. When refused entry to Heaven, he was forced to wander the earth with only an ember as a light.,AAAAAA==
8443,Jack-o'-Lantern,A drunkard who tricked the Devil out of taking him to Hell. When refused entry to Heaven, he was forced to wander the earth with only an ember as a light.,AAAAAA==
8451,Jack Frost,A winter fairy of European descent. He leaves ice patterns on windows and nips people's noses. Though normally an innocent creature, he will freeze his victims to death if provoked.,AAAAAA==
8452,Jack-o'-Lantern,A drunkard who tricked the Devil out of taking him to Hell. When refused entry to Heaven, he was forced to wander the earth with only an ember as a light.,AAAAAA==
8453,Jack-o'-Lantern,A drunkard who tricked the Devil out of taking him to Hell. When refused entry to Heaven, he was forced to wander the earth with only an ember as a light.,AAAAAA==
8461,Jack Frost,A winter fairy of European descent. He leaves ice patterns on windows and nips people's noses. Though normally an innocent creature, he will freeze his victims to death if provoked.,AAAAAA==
8462,Jack-o'-Lantern,A drunkard who tricked the Devil out of taking him to Hell. When refused entry to Heaven, he was forced to wander the earth with only an ember as a light.,AAAAAA==
8463,Jack-o'-Lantern,A drunkard who tricked the Devil out of taking him to Hell. When refused entry to Heaven, he was forced to wander the earth with only an ember as a light.,AAAAAA==
8471,Jack Frost,A winter fairy of European descent. He leaves ice patterns on windows and nips people's noses. Though normally an innocent creature, he will freeze his victims to death if provoked.,AAAAAA==
8472,Jack-o'-Lantern,A drunkard who tricked the Devil out of taking him to Hell. When refused entry to Heaven, he was forced to wander the earth with only an ember as a light.,AAAAAA==
8473,Jack-o'-Lantern,A drunkard who tricked the Devil out of taking him to Hell. When refused entry to Heaven, he was forced to wander the earth with only an ember as a light.,AAAAAA==
8481,Jack Frost,A winter fairy of European descent. He leaves ice patterns on windows and nips people's noses. Though normally an innocent creature, he will freeze his victims to death if provoked.,AAAAAA==
8482,Jack-o'-Lantern,A drunkard who tricked the Devil out of taking him to Hell. When refused entry to Heaven, he was forced to wander the earth with only an ember as a light.,AAAAAA==
8483,Jack-o'-Lantern,A drunkard who tricked the Devil out of taking him to Hell. When refused entry to Heaven, he was forced to wander the earth with only an ember as a light.,AAAAAA==
8491,Jack Frost,A winter fairy of European descent. He leaves ice patterns on windows and nips people's noses. Though normally an innocent creature, he will freeze his victims to death if provoked.,AAAAAA==
8492,Jack-o'-Lantern,A drunkard who tricked the Devil out of taking him to Hell. When refused entry to Heaven, he was forced to wander the earth with only an ember as a light.,AAAAAA==
8493,Jack-o'-Lantern,A drunkard who tricked the Devil out of taking him to Hell. When refused entry to Heaven, he was forced to wander the earth with only an ember as a light.,AAAAAA==
8501,Jack Frost,A winter fairy of European descent. He leaves ice patterns on windows and nips people's noses. Though normally an innocent creature, he will freeze his victims to death if provoked.,AAAAAA==
8502,Jack-o'-Lantern,A drunkard who tricked the Devil out of taking him to Hell. When refused entry to Heaven, he was forced to wander the earth with only an ember as a light.,AAAAAA==
8503,Jack-o'-Lantern,A drunkard who tricked the Devil out of taking him to Hell. When refused entry to Heaven, he was forced to wander the earth with only an ember as a light.,AAAAAA==
8511,Jack Frost,A winter fairy of European descent. He leaves ice patterns on windows and nips people's noses. Though normally an innocent creature, he will freeze his victims to death if provoked.,AAAAAA==
8512,Jack-o'-Lantern,A drunkard who tricked the Devil out of taking him to Hell. When refused entry to Heaven, he was forced to wander the earth with only an ember as a light.,AAAAAA==
8513,Jack-o'-Lantern,A drunkard who tricked the Devil out of taking him to Hell. When refused entry to Heaven, he was forced to wander the earth with only an ember as a light.,AAAAAA==
8521,Jack Frost,A winter fairy of European descent. He leaves ice patterns on windows and nips people's noses. Though normally an innocent creature, he will freeze his victims to death if provoked.,AAAAAA==
8522,Jack-o'-Lantern,A drunkard who tricked the Devil out of taking him to Hell. When refused entry to Heaven, he was forced to wander the earth with only an ember as a light.,AAAAAA==
8523,Jack-o'-Lantern,A drunkard who tricked the Devil out of taking him to Hell. When refused entry to Heaven, he was forced to wander the earth with only an ember as a light.,AAAAAA==
8531,Jack Frost,A winter fairy of European descent. He leaves ice patterns on windows and nips people's noses. Though normally an innocent creature, he will freeze his victims to death if provoked.,AAAAAA==
8532,Jack-o'-Lantern,A drunkard who tricked the Devil out of taking him to Hell. When refused entry to Heaven, he was forced to wander the earth with only an ember as a light.,AAAAAA==
8533,Jack-o'-Lantern,A drunkard who tricked the Devil out of taking him to Hell. When refused entry to Heaven, he was forced to wander the earth with only an ember as a light.,AAAAAA==
8541,Jack Frost,A winter fairy of European descent. He leaves ice patterns on windows and nips people's noses. Though normally an innocent creature, he will freeze his victims to death if provoked.,AAAAAA==
8542,Jack-o'-Lantern,A drunkard who tricked the Devil out of taking him to Hell. When refused entry to Heaven, he was forced to wander the earth with only an ember as a light.,AAAAAA==
8543,Jack-o'-Lantern,A drunkard who tricked the Devil out of taking him to Hell. When refused entry to Heaven, he was forced to wander the earth with only an ember as a light.,AAAAAA==
8551,Jack Frost,A winter fairy of European descent. He leaves ice patterns on windows and nips people's noses. Though normally an innocent creature, he will freeze his victims to death if provoked.,AAAAAA==
8552,Jack-o'-Lantern,A drunkard who tricked the Devil out of taking him to Hell. When refused entry to Heaven, he was forced to wander the earth with only an ember as a light.,AAAAAA==
8553,Jack-o'-Lantern,A drunkard who tricked the Devil out of taking him to Hell. When refused entry to Heaven, he was forced to wander the earth with only an ember as a light.,AAAAAA==
8561,Jack Frost,A winter fairy of European descent. He leaves ice patterns on windows and nips people's noses. Though normally an innocent creature, he will freeze his victims to death if provoked.,AAAAAA==
8562,Jack-o'-Lantern,A drunkard who tricked the Devil out of taking him to Hell. When refused entry to Heaven, he was forced to wander the earth with only an ember as a light.,AAAAAA==
8563,Jack-o'-Lantern,A drunkard who tricked the Devil out of taking him to Hell. When refused entry to Heaven, he was forced to wander the earth with only an ember as a light.,AAAAAA==
8571,Jack Frost,A winter fairy of European descent. He leaves ice patterns on windows and nips people's noses. Though normally an innocent creature, he will freeze his victims to death if provoked.,AAAAAA==
8572,Jack-o'-Lantern,A drunkard who tricked the Devil out of taking him to Hell. When refused entry to Heaven, he was forced to wander the earth with only an ember as a light.,AAAAAA==
8573,Jack-o'-Lantern,A drunkard who tricked the Devil out of taking him to Hell. When refused entry to Heaven, he was forced to wander the earth with only an ember as a light.,AAAAAA==
8581,Jack Frost,A winter fairy of European descent. He leaves ice patterns on windows and nips people's noses. Though normally an innocent creature, he will freeze his victims to death if provoked.,AAAAAA==
8582,Jack-o'-Lantern,A drunkard who tricked the Devil out of taking him to Hell. When refused entry to Heaven, he was forced to wander the earth with only an ember as a light.,AAAAAA==
8583,Jack-o'-Lantern,A drunkard who tricked the Devil out of taking him to Hell. When refused entry to Heaven, he was forced to wander the earth with only an ember as a light.,AAAAAA==
8591,Jack Frost,A winter fairy of European descent. He leaves ice patterns on windows and nips people's noses. Though normally an innocent creature, he will freeze his victims to death if provoked.,AAAAAA==
8592,Jack-o'-Lantern,A drunkard who tricked the Devil out of taking him to Hell. When refused entry to Heaven, he was forced to wander the earth with only an ember as a light.,AAAAAA==
8593,Jack-o'-Lantern,A drunkard who tricked the Devil out of taking him to Hell. When refused entry to Heaven, he was forced to wander the earth with only an ember as a light.,AAAAAA==
8601,Jack Frost,A winter fairy of European descent. He leaves ice patterns on windows and nips people's noses. Though normally an innocent creature, he will freeze his victims to death if provoked.,AAAAAA==
8602,Jack-o'-Lantern,A drunkard who tricked the Devil out of taking him to Hell. When refused entry to Heaven, he was forced to wander the earth with only an ember as a light.,AAAAAA==
8603,Jack-o'-Lantern,A drunkard who tricked the Devil out of taking him to Hell. When refused entry to Heaven, he was forced to wander the earth with only an ember as a light.,AAAAAA==
8611,Jack Frost,A winter fairy of European descent. He leaves ice patterns on windows and nips people's noses. Though normally an innocent creature, he will freeze his victims to death if provoked.,AAAAAA==
8612,Jack-o'-Lantern,A drunkard who tricked the Devil out of taking him to Hell. When refused entry to Heaven, he was forced to wander the earth with only an ember as a light.,AAAAAA==
8613,Jack-o'-Lantern,A drunkard who tricked the Devil out of taking him to Hell. When refused entry to Heaven, he was forced to wander the earth with only an ember as a light.,AAAAAA==
8621,Jack Frost,A winter fairy of European descent. He leaves ice patterns on windows and nips people's noses. Though normally an innocent creature, he will freeze his victims to death if provoked.,AAAAAA==
8622,Jack-o'-Lantern,A drunkard who tricked the Devil out of taking him to Hell. When refused entry to Heaven, he was forced to wander the earth with only an ember as a light.,AAAAAA==
8623,Jack-o'-Lantern,A drunkard who tricked the Devil out of taking him to Hell. When refused entry to Heaven, he was forced to wander the earth with only an ember as a light.,AAAAAA==
8631,Jack Frost,A winter fairy of European descent. He leaves ice patterns on windows and nips people's noses. Though normally an innocent creature, he will freeze his victims to death if provoked.,AAAAAA==
8632,Jack-o'-Lantern,A drunkard who tricked the Devil out of taking him to Hell. When refused entry to Heaven, he was forced to wander the earth with only an ember as a light.,AAAAAA==
8633,Jack-o'-Lantern,A drunkard who tricked the Devil out of taking him to Hell. When refused entry to Heaven, he was forced to wander the earth with only an ember as a light.,AAAAAA==
8641,Jack Frost,A winter fairy of European descent. He leaves ice patterns on windows and nips people's noses. Though normally an innocent creature, he will freeze his victims to death if provoked.,AAAAAA==
8642,Jack-o'-Lantern,A drunkard who tricked the Devil out of taking him to Hell. When refused entry to Heaven, he was forced to wander the earth with only an ember as a light.,AAAAAA==
8643,Jack-o'-Lantern,A drunkard who tricked the Devil out of taking him to Hell. When refused entry to Heaven, he was forced to wander the earth with only an ember as a light.,AAAAAA==
8651,Jack Frost,A winter fairy of European descent. He leaves ice patterns on windows and nips people's noses. Though normally an innocent creature, he will freeze his victims to death if provoked.,AAAAAA==
8652,Jack-o'-Lantern,A drunkard who tricked the Devil out of taking him to Hell. When refused entry to Heaven, he was forced to wander the earth with only an ember as a light.,AAAAAA==
8653,Jack-o'-Lantern,A drunkard who tricked the Devil out of taking him to Hell. When refused entry to Heaven, he was forced to wander the earth with only an ember as a light.,AAAAAA==
8661,Jack Frost,A winter fairy of European descent. He leaves ice patterns on windows and nips people's noses. Though normally an innocent creature, he will freeze his victims to death if provoked.,AAAAAA==
8662,Jack-o'-Lantern,A drunkard who tricked the Devil out of taking him to Hell. When refused entry to Heaven, he was forced to wander the earth with only an ember as a light.,AAAAAA==
8663,Jack-o'-Lantern,A drunkard who tricked the Devil out of taking him to Hell. When refused entry to Heaven, he was forced to wander the earth with only an ember as a light.,AAAAAA==
8671,Jack Frost,A winter fairy of European descent. He leaves ice patterns on windows and nips people's noses. Though normally an innocent creature, he will freeze his victims to death if provoked.,AAAAAA==
8672,Jack-o'-Lantern,A drunkard who tricked the Devil out of taking him to Hell. When refused entry to Heaven, he was forced to wander the earth with only an ember as a light.,AAAAAA==
8673,Jack-o'-Lantern,A drunkard who tricked the Devil out of taking him to Hell. When refused entry to Heaven, he was forced to wander the earth with only an ember as a light.,AAAAAA==
8681,Jack Frost,A winter fairy of European descent. He leaves ice patterns on windows and nips people's noses. Though normally an innocent creature, he will freeze his victims to death if provoked.,AAAAAA==
8682,Jack-o'-Lantern,A drunkard who tricked the Devil out of taking him to Hell. When refused entry to Heaven, he was forced to wander the earth with only an ember as a light.,AAAAAA==
8683,Jack-o'-Lantern,A drunkard who tricked the Devil out of taking him to Hell. When refused entry to Heaven, he was forced to wander the earth with only an ember as a light.,AAAAAA==
8691,Jack Frost,A winter fairy of European descent. He leaves ice patterns on windows and nips people's noses. Though normally an innocent creature, he will freeze his victims to death if provoked.,AAAAAA==
8692,Jack-o'-Lantern,A drunkard who tricked the Devil out of taking him to Hell. When refused entry to Heaven, he was forced to wander the earth with only an ember as a light.,AAAAAA==
8693,Jack-o'-Lantern,A drunkard who tricked the Devil out of taking him to Hell. When refused entry to Heaven, he was forced to wander the earth with only an ember as a light.,AAAAAA==
8701,Jack Frost,A winter fairy of European descent. He leaves ice patterns on windows and nips people's noses. Though normally an innocent creature, he will freeze his victims to death if provoked.,AAAAAA==
8702,Jack-o'-Lantern,A drunkard who tricked the Devil out of taking him to Hell. When refused entry to Heaven, he was forced to wander the earth with only an ember as a light.,AAAAAA==
8703,Jack-o'-Lantern,A drunkard who tricked the Devil out of taking him to Hell. When refused entry to Heaven, he was forced to wander the earth with only an ember as a light.,AAAAAA==
8711,Jack Frost,A winter fairy of European descent. He leaves ice patterns on windows and nips people's noses. Though normally an innocent creature, he will freeze his victims to death if provoked.,AAAAAA==
8712,Jack-o'-Lantern,A drunkard who tricked the Devil out of taking him to Hell. When refused entry to Heaven, he was forced to wander the earth with only an ember as a light.,AAAAAA==
8713,Jack-o'-Lantern,A drunkard who tricked the Devil out of taking him to Hell. When refused entry to Heaven, he was forced to wander the earth with only an ember as a light.,AAAAAA==
8721,Jack Frost,A winter fairy of European descent. He leaves ice patterns on windows and nips people's noses. Though normally an innocent creature, he will freeze his victims to death if provoked.,AAAAAA==
8722,Jack-o'-Lantern,A drunkard who tricked the Devil out of taking him to Hell. When refused entry to Heaven, he was forced to wander the earth with only an ember as a light.,AAAAAA==
8723,Jack-o'-Lantern,A drunkard who tricked the Devil out of taking him to Hell. When refused entry to Heaven, he was forced to wander the earth with only an ember as a light.,AAAAAA==
8731,Jack Frost,A winter fairy of European descent. He leaves ice patterns on windows and nips people's noses. Though normally an innocent creature, he will freeze his victims to death if provoked.,AAAAAA==
8732,Jack-o'-Lantern,A drunkard who tricked the Devil out of taking him to Hell. When refused entry to Heaven, he was forced to wander the earth with only an ember as a light.,AAAAAA==
8733,Jack-o'-Lantern,A drunkard who tricked the Devil out of taking him to Hell. When refused entry to Heaven, he was forced to wander the earth with only an ember as a light.,AAAAAA==
8741,Jack Frost,A winter fairy of European descent. He leaves ice patterns on windows and nips people's noses. Though normally an innocent creature, he will freeze his victims to death if provoked.,AAAAAA==
8742,Jack-o'-Lantern,A drunkard who tricked the Devil out of taking him to Hell. When refused entry to Heaven, he was forced to wander the earth with only an ember as a light.,AAAAAA==
8743,Jack-o'-Lantern,A drunkard who tricked the Devil out of taking him to Hell. When refused entry to Heaven, he was forced to wander the earth with only an ember as a light.,AAAAAA==
8751,Jack Frost,A winter fairy of European descent. He leaves ice patterns on windows and nips people's noses. Though normally an innocent creature, he will freeze his victims to death if provoked.,AAAAAA==
8752,Jack-o'-Lantern,A drunkard who tricked the Devil out of taking him to Hell. When refused entry to Heaven, he was forced to wander the earth with only an ember as a light.,AAAAAA==
8753,Jack-o'-Lantern,A drunkard who tricked the Devil out of taking him to Hell. When refused entry to Heaven, he was forced to wander the earth with only an ember as a light.,AAAAAA==
8761,Jack Frost,A winter fairy of European descent. He leaves ice patterns on windows and nips people's noses. Though normally an innocent creature, he will freeze his victims to death if provoked.,AAAAAA==
8762,Jack-o'-Lantern,A drunkard who tricked the Devil out of taking him to Hell. When refused entry to Heaven, he was forced to wander the earth with only an ember as a light.,AAAAAA==
8763,Jack-o'-Lantern,A drunkard who tricked the Devil out of taking him to Hell. When refused entry to Heaven, he was forced to wander the earth with only an ember as a light.,AAAAAA==
8771,Jack Frost,A winter fairy of European descent. He leaves ice patterns on windows and nips people's noses. Though normally an innocent creature, he will freeze his victims to death if provoked.,AAAAAA==
8772,Jack-o'-Lantern,A drunkard who tricked the Devil out of taking him to Hell. When refused entry to Heaven, he was forced to wander the earth with only an ember as a light.,AAAAAA==
8773,Jack-o'-Lantern,A drunkard who tricked the Devil out of taking him to Hell. When refused entry to Heaven, he was forced to wander the earth with only an ember as a light.,AAAAAA==
8781,Jack Frost,A winter fairy of European descent. He leaves ice patterns on windows and nips people's noses. Though normally an innocent creature, he will freeze his victims to death if provoked.,AAAAAA==
8782,Jack-o'-Lantern,A drunkard who tricked the Devil out of taking him to Hell. When refused entry to Heaven, he was forced to wander the earth with only an ember as a light.,AAAAAA==
8783,Jack-o'-Lantern,A drunkard who tricked the Devil out of taking him to Hell. When refused entry to Heaven, he was forced to wander the earth with only an ember as a light.,AAAAAA==
8791,Jack Frost,A winter fairy of European descent. He leaves ice patterns on windows and nips people's noses. Though normally an innocent creature, he will freeze his victims to death if provoked.,AAAAAA==
8792,Jack-o'-Lantern,A drunkard who tricked the Devil out of taking him to Hell. When refused entry to Heaven, he was forced to wander the earth with only an ember as a light.,AAAAAA==
8793,Jack-o'-Lantern,A drunkard who tricked the Devil out of taking him to Hell. When refused entry to Heaven, he was forced to wander the earth with only an ember as a light.,AAAAAA==
8801,Jack Frost,A winter fairy of European descent. He leaves ice patterns on windows and nips people's noses. Though normally an innocent creature, he will freeze his victims to death if provoked.,AAAAAA==
8802,Jack-o'-Lantern,A drunkard who tricked the Devil out of taking him to Hell. When refused entry to Heaven, he was forced to wander the earth with only an ember as a light.,AAAAAA==
8803,Jack-o'-Lantern,A drunkard who tricked the Devil out of taking him to Hell. When refused entry to Heaven, he was forced to wander the earth with only an ember as a light.,AAAAAA==
8911,Jack Frost,A winter fairy of European descent. He leaves ice patterns on windows and nips people's noses. Though normally an innocent creature, he will freeze his victims to death if provoked.,AAAAAA==
8912,Jack Frost,A winter fairy of European descent. He leaves ice patterns on windows and nips people's noses. Though normally an innocent creature, he will freeze his victims to death if provoked.,AAAAAA==
8921,Jack Frost,A winter fairy of European descent. He leaves ice patterns on windows and nips people's noses. Though normally an innocent creature, he will freeze his victims to death if provoked.,AAAAAA==
8922,Jack Frost,A winter fairy of European descent. He leaves ice patterns on windows and nips people's noses. Though normally an innocent creature, he will freeze his victims to death if provoked.,AAAAAA==
8931,Jack Frost,A winter fairy of European descent. He leaves ice patterns on windows and nips people's noses. Though normally an innocent creature, he will freeze his victims to death if provoked.,AAAAAA==
8932,Jack Frost,A winter fairy of European descent. He leaves ice patterns on windows and nips people's noses. Though normally an innocent creature, he will freeze his victims to death if provoked.,AAAAAA==
8941,Jack Frost,A winter fairy of European descent. He leaves ice patterns on windows and nips people's noses. Though normally an innocent creature, he will freeze his victims to death if provoked.,AAAAAA==
8942,Jack Frost,A winter fairy of European descent. He leaves ice patterns on windows and nips people's noses. Though normally an innocent creature, he will freeze his victims to death if provoked.,AAAAAA==
8951,Jack Frost,A winter fairy of European descent. He leaves ice patterns on windows and nips people's noses. Though normally an innocent creature, he will freeze his victims to death if provoked.,AAAAAA==
8952,Jack Frost,A winter fairy of European descent. He leaves ice patterns on windows and nips people's noses. Though normally an innocent creature, he will freeze his victims to death if provoked.,AAAAAA==
8961,Jack Frost,A winter fairy of European descent. He leaves ice patterns on windows and nips people's noses. Though normally an innocent creature, he will freeze his victims to death if provoked.,AAAAAA==
8962,Jack Frost,A winter fairy of European descent. He leaves ice patterns on windows and nips people's noses. Though normally an innocent creature, he will freeze his victims to death if provoked.,AAAAAA==
9831,Shadow Kiuchi,Takeyuki Kiuchi's form in the cognitive world. His appearance reflects his distorted desires.,AAAAAA==
9841,Takeyuki Cupid" Kiuchi	Shadow Kiuchi completely distorted by desire. Having lost all sense of self	 he can no longer maintain a human form.	AAAAAA==
9842	Cupid Cheerleader 1	Kiuchi's personal cheerleader born from his cognition. She exists solely to cheer him on.	AAAAAA==
9843	Cupid Cheerleader 2	Kiuchi's personal cheerleader born from his cognition. She exists solely to cheer him on.	AAAAAA==
101	Jack-o'-Lantern	A drunkard who tricked the Devil out of taking him to Hell. When refused entry to Heaven	 he was forced to wander the earth with only an ember as a light.	AAAAAA==
102	Jack-o'-Lantern	A drunkard who tricked the Devil out of taking him to Hell. When refused entry to Heaven	 he was forced to wander the earth with only an ember as a light.	AAAAAA==
103	Bicorn	An evil creature with two curving horns from European folklore. It represents impurity	 unlike the Unicorn. Said to be derived from Re'em in the Bible. Another legend says that it feeds off of loyal husbands.	AAAAAA==
104	Jack Frost	A winter fairy of European descent. He leaves ice patterns on windows and nips people's noses. Though normally an innocent creature	 he will freeze his victims to death if provoked.	AAAAAA==
105	Jack-o'-Lantern	A drunkard who tricked the Devil out of taking him to Hell. When refused entry to Heaven	 he was forced to wander the earth with only an ember as a light.	AAAAAA==
106	Jack-o'-Lantern	A drunkard who tricked the Devil out of taking him to Hell. When refused entry to Heaven	 he was forced to wander the earth with only an ember as a light.	AAAAAA==
107	Agathion	A general term for familiars used by Judeo-Christian magicians	 they are usually sealed away in bottles	 rings	 or talismans. They torment the target selected by the conjuror.	AAAAAA==
108	Agathion	A general term for familiars used by Judeo-Christian magicians	 they are usually sealed away in bottles	 rings	 or talismans. They torment the target selected by the conjuror.	AAAAAA==
109	Succubus	A female demon of European lore in medieval times. They visit sleeping men and have sexual intercourse with them. The victims don't wake up but may dream of the encounter.	AAAAAA==
110	Jack-o'-Lantern	A drunkard who tricked the Devil out of taking him to Hell. When refused entry to Heaven	 he was forced to wander the earth with only an ember as a light.	AAAAAA==
111	Mokoi	Evil spirits of Murngin lore believed to be reborn shadows. They kidnap and eat children	 and strike down any sorcerer who uses black magic.	AAAAAA==
120	Jack-o'-Lantern	A drunkard who tricked the Devil out of taking him to Hell. When refused entry to Heaven	 he was forced to wander the earth with only an ember as a light.	AAAAAA==
121	Eligor	One of the 72 demons of the Goetia. He looks like a knight and has the power to see things to come. He also knows much about war.	AAAAAA==
122	Moloch	A Canaanite god of fire. A bronze statue of a man with a bull's head stands at his altar. The statue was heated and sacrificial children were thrown inside.	AAAAAA==
123	Moloch	A Canaanite god of fire. A bronze statue of a man with a bull's head stands at his altar. The statue was heated and sacrificial children were thrown inside.	AAAAAA==
124	Jack Frost	A winter fairy of European descent. He leaves ice patterns on windows and nips people's noses. Though normally an innocent creature	 he will freeze his victims to death if provoked.	AAAAAA==
125	Thor	The Norse thunder god and son of Odin	 Thor owns the power enhancing belt	 Megingjard	 and wields Mjolnir	 a hammer that causes lightning to strike and returns to its owner if thrown.	AAAAAA==
126	Agathion	A general term for familiars used by Judeo-Christian magicians	 they are usually sealed away in bottles	 rings	 or talismans. They torment the target selected by the conjuror.	AAAAAA==
127	Bicorn	An evil creature with two curving horns from European folklore. It represents impurity	 unlike the Unicorn. Said to be derived from Re'em in the Bible. Another legend says that it feeds off of loyal husbands.	AAAAAA==
128	Titania	The queen of the fairies and Oberon's wife. She is derived from the Roman goddess Diana. She was later immortalized in Shakespeare's play "A Midsummer Night's Dream."	AAAAAA==
129	Isis	Osiris's wife as well as his younger sister. Upon the death of her husband	 she revived him with her incredible magic power. Isis is seen at many gravesites as the guardian goddess of the dead.	AAAAAA==
130	Lamia	A half-human	 half-snake female monster of Greek myth	 she was once the queen of Libya. Zeus's jealous wife	 Hera	 killed her children	 causing her to go mad and transform into a monster.	AAAAAA==
131	Oberon	The king of the fairies and Titania's husband. He is quite old but	 due to a curse	 his looks are that of a young boy. He often flirts with human women	 which sometimes earns him a scolding from his wife.	AAAAAA==
132	Succubus	A female demon of European lore in medieval times. They visit sleeping men and have sexual intercourse with them. The victims don't wake up but may dream of the encounter.	AAAAAA==
133	Cu Chulainn	A hero in Celtic folklore. He was called Setanta until he earned the name	 "Culann's Hound." There are many tales of his adventures. He received his spear	 Gae Bolg	 from his mentor	 Scathach.	AAAAAA==
134	Dominion	The fourth of the nine orders of angels. Their duty is to oversee the other angels. Their actions are the manifestation of God's will.	AAAAAA==
135	Gabriel	One of the four major archangels. She is also the only female angel at this rank. Her name comes from the Sumerian word for "governor." She is the angel who told Mary of her pregnancy.	AAAAAA==
136	Black Frost	A Jack Frost that yearned for evil. This powerful demon is born when a cute Jack Frost remembers its demonic nature.	AAAAAA==
137	King Frost	The king of snow who rules over an infinite number of Jack Frosts. He has the power to freeze the entire world	 but is unaware of it due to his naïve personality.	AAAAAA==
138	Michael	One of the four major archangels	 he is at the top of the angelic hierarchy. He carries a long spear that can cut through anything	 and his name means "one who is like God."	AAAAAA==
139	Mokoi	Evil spirits of Murngin lore believed to be reborn shadows. They kidnap and eat children	 and strike down any sorcerer who uses black magic.	AAAAAA==
140	Oni	An evil monster from Japanese lore known for its hideous visage and brute strength. They loot and plunder villages	 massacring the townspeople with their iron clubs. They have horns on their heads	 red skin	 long claws	 and razor-sharp teeth.	AAAAAA==
141	Orthrus	The two-headed pet dog belonging to the giant Geryon of Greek myth. He guarded a herd of red oxen but was killed by Hercules during one of his twelve labors.	AAAAAA==
142	Parvati	A beautiful Hindu goddess of love and one of Shiva's wives. Always by his side	 she played a role in opening his third eye. She can turn into Durga or Kali when angered.	AAAAAA==
143	Rangda	A wicked witch of Balinese lore	 she represents evil and is Barong's eternal rival. Even if defeated	 she will come back to life	 and their battle will have no end.	AAAAAA==
144	Lilim	A demon who tempts sleeping men and attacks infants. She is the daughter of the demoness	 Lilith. Like her mother	 she drains men of their essence.	AAAAAA==
145	Sandalphon	Metatron's twin brother in Judeo-Christian lore	 he is the master of heavenly songs. It is said that a human would take 500 years to walk the length of his body.	AAAAAA==
146	Sarasvati	The Hindu goddess of rivers	 and patron of speech	 writing	 learning	 the arts	 and sciences. Brahma is her husband.	AAAAAA==
147	Unicorn	A legendary white horse with a single spiral horn. It can only be tamed by a pure maiden	 and its horn supposedly has miraculous healing capabilities.	AAAAAA==
148	Yoshitsune	A Japanese general of the Genpei War near the end of the Heian era and start of the Kamakura era. His bold ingenuity and ruthless skill with a blade are still praised in Japan today.	AAAAAA==
149	Kurama Tengu	A type of tengu said to have lived on Mt. Kurama in Kyoto. The most powerful and well-known of the tengu	 they have the power to fend off disease and bring good fortune.	AAAAAA==
150	Jatayu	The Hindu king of birds. In the Ramayana	 he fought bravely against Ravana in an attempt to save Sita	 Rama's wife and the seventh avatar of Vishnu	 but lost.	AAAAAA==
151	Archangel	Eighth of the nine orders of angels. Their duty is to minister to humans and deliver messages. They are warriors of Heaven and lead Heaven's forces during battle with the armies of evil.	AAAAAA==
152	Suzaku	One of the Ssu-Ling	 celestial creatures of Chinese myth. It is a giant bird that is said to chirp in five beautiful voices. It represents the direction south	 the season of summer	 and the element of fire.	AAAAAA==
153	Clotho	The youngest of the three Moirae Sisters of Greek legend. She spins the threads of life with her spindle.	AAAAAA==
154	Neko Shogun	A prophetic Taoist god	 originally known as Mao Shogun. Due to a linguistic error involving the Chinese word for "cat	 his name was changed to Neko Shogun.,AAAAAA==
155,Anubis,The jackal-headed god of the dead and embalming from Egyptian myth. He weighs the hearts of the dead to determine their final destination.,AAAAAA==
156,Pazuzu,The Babylonian lord of wind and scorching sands. He has the body of a man, a lion's head, the claws and wings of an eagle, and has a deadly poison. The diseases he spreads can only be cured with magic.,AAAAAA==
157,Okuninushi,A Kunitsu deity in Japanese mythology that governs agriculture and medicine. He's said to have built the country of Izumo with Susano-o's daughter, Suseri-Hime.,AAAAAA==
158,Byakko,One of the Ssu-Ling, celestial creatures of Chinese myth. It represents the direction west, the season of autumn, and the element of metal. He is believed to be the king of all beasts.,AAAAAA==
159,Horus,An ancient god of Egypt whose eyes are the sun and moon. Revered by some as the chief god, he is often depicted as a hawk or a falcon.,AAAAAA==
160,Lakshmi,The Hindu goddess of beauty and good fortune, Vishnu's wife, and Kama's mother. She is the goddess of love, believed to have been born from an ocean of milk.,AAAAAA==
161,Kohryu,Known as the Gold Dragon, it reigns over the Ssu-Ling, celestial creatures of Chinese lore. It is located at the center of the four beasts.,AAAAAA==
162,Regent,A bluish-tinged diamond that Napoleon Bonaparte had mounted to the pommel of his sword. It was named after the French Regent Philippe II, Duke of Orleans, who had purchased it in 1717.,AAAAAA==
163,Queen's Necklace,The diamond necklace that Jeanne de la Motte swindled from jewelers in 1785 by claiming it was on behalf of the Queen of France, Marie Antoinette.,AAAAAA==
164,Inugami,A dog spirit said to possess people in Japanese lore. Those possessed are in a state of inu-tsuki" and lose consciousness. Onmyoji use Inugami as familiars.	AAAAAA==
165	Pixie	Friendly fairies of the forest that tend to hide from humans. They like to play tricks on lazy people. It is said they are the souls of dead	 unbaptized children.	AAAAAA==
166	Incubus	A male demon of European lore in medieval times. They visit sleeping women and have sexual intercourse with them. The resulting children become witches or wizards.	AAAAAA==
167	Nue	A creature of Japanese lore with a monkey's head	 tiger's legs	 and snake's tail. The Tale of Heike says it hid behind a dark cloud each night to attack the Emperor.	AAAAAA==
168	Angel	Ninth of the nineorders of angels.They are closest in nature to humans.They watch over individuals and warn those who stray from the path.	AAAAAA==
169	Koppa Tengu	A type of tengu. Their spiritual power is weaker than other tengu	 so they are much smaller. They are said to be the reincarnations of long-lived wolves.	AAAAAA==
170	Orobas	One of the 72 demons of the Goetia. Known as the Prince of Hell	 he appears as a horse and answers questions of the past	 present	 and future. He is faithful to his conjurer.	AAAAAA==
171	Nekomata	Long-lived cats are said to become these malevolent cat demons. Their powers vary according to how long they have lived	 ranging from shape-shifting to controlling the dead.	AAAAAA==
172	Leanan Sidhe	A beautiful fairy of Irish lore that yearns for the love of a human man. She drains the life of her lovers in return for granting them artistic inspiration.	AAAAAA==
173	Hua Po	A spirit of Chinese folklore who dwells in trees once used for hangings. She is smaller than a human and cannot speak	 but her voice is said to be as clear and as beautiful as a bird's song.	AAAAAA==
174	Ippon-Datara	A one-eyed	 one-legged monster said to live deep in the mountains of Kumano	 Japan. It's believed to be the degraded blacksmith god	 Ame no Me-Hitotsu no Kami.	AAAAAA==
175	Mandrake	A magical plant whose roots look like a human. They are valued for their healing properties in potions	 but the screams they let out when pulled from the ground will kill anyone who hears them.	AAAAAA==
176	Silky	A fairy of England and Scotland. She carries out household chores while everyone sleeps and is a welcome spirit. It is said you can hear her silk skirt rustle as she works.	AAAAAA==
177	Sudama	A spirit of rivers and mountains in Japanese lore	 it dwells in ancient trees and ageless rocks. They are not evil	 and will often appear as humans or supernatural wonders to warn people.	AAAAAA==
178	Obariyon	A "piggyback monster" of Japan that jumps on the backs of those who pass grassy paths. It is heavy and not easily removed	 but will turn into gold coins if you can carry it back home.	AAAAAA==
179	Bugs	A Welsh creature commonly known as "Bugbear" or the "Boogeyman." Its existence is often used by mothers to scare children into behaving.	AAAAAA==
180	Seth	The Egyptian god of the desert	 chaos	 and evil. He murdered his brother	 Osiris	 and tried to become chief god	 but he was castrated by Osiris's son	 Horus.	AAAAAA==
181	Vishnu	One of the major Hindu gods	 he is the preserver and protector of the universe. Legends claim that he will make ten appearances across time and space to strike down evil and uphold justice.	AAAAAA==
182	Mothman	A cryptid sighted during the 60s-80s in West Virginia. It has shining red eyes and is named for the fin-like appendages on its sides. It uses its keen sense for blood to track down the source and feed on it.	AAAAAA==
183	Onmoraki	A monstrous	 fire spitting	 Japanese bird with a man's face. It is actually a corpse that was not given a proper memorial service. They appear before monks who neglect their duties.	AAAAAA==
184	Makami	A divine wolf god in Japanese folklore	 also written as "Oguchi-no-Magami." It is often drawn on prayer boards to prevent fires and thefts	 but it is also feared as a human-eater.	AAAAAA==
185	Decarabia	One of the 72 demons of the Goetia	 this demon appears as a pentacle. Keeper of jewels and herbal lore	 Decarabia is said to have the ability to shape-shift at will.	AAAAAA==
186	Koropokguru	Small human-like creatures that have kind	 calm personalities. Once coexisting with the Ainu people of Japan	 there was a falling out at some point	 and they disappeared.	AAAAAA==
187	Ganesha	The Hindu elephant-headed god. He was originally created by Parvati in order to prevent anyone from watching her bathe. Shiva batted off his original head and replaced it with an elephant's head.	AAAAAA==
188	Lachesis	The middle sister of the three Moirae Sisters of Greek legend. She is the apportioner	 measuring the thread which determines each person's lifespan.	AAAAAA==
189	Shiki-Ouji	An exceptionally powerful shikigami. Only the most elite onmyoji are able to summon and bind it to paper. It can ward off disaster or cure illness	 but its ordinary temperament is quite vicious.	AAAAAA==
190	Kin-Ki	One of the four oni controlled by Fujiwara no Chikata	 its body is so hard that no weapons can penetrate it. It and its comrades fell into hell through holes that can still be found in modern Iga.	AAAAAA==
191	Cerberus	The guardian hound who prevents anyone from entering or exiting the underworld in Greek lore. It was born from Typhon and Echidna	 and is the older brother of Orthrus.	AAAAAA==
192	Ame-no-Uzume	Japanese goddess of entertainment	 she governs many sacred dances. She is most famous for luring out Amaterasu	 who had barricaded herself inside a cave.	AAAAAA==
193	Phoenix	The legendary bird of Chinese myth	 said to appear only in times of peace. It is the ruler of all birds. When it dies	 birds across the land chirp with sadness.	AAAAAA==
194	Jikokuten	Also known as Dhritarashtra	 he is the protector of the East	 and is one of the four Heavenly Kings of Buddhist origin. He helps maintain the security of the nation.	AAAAAA==
195	Zouchouten	Also known as Virudhaka	 he is the protector of the South	 and is one of the four Heavenly Kings of Buddhist origin. He is the god of the five grains	 and was once the chief of the gods.	AAAAAA==
196	Arahabaki	A mysterious god of ancient Japan. Most famously worshipped by Nagasunehiko	 who was defeated in battle against Emperor Jinmu	 Arahabaki came to be treated as a symbol of rebellion and defiance.	AAAAAA==
197	Arahabaki	A mysterious god of ancient Japan. Most famously worshipped by Nagasunehiko	 who was defeated in battle against Emperor Jinmu	 Arahabaki came to be treated as a symbol of rebellion and defiance.	AAAAAA==
198	Belphegor	Demonic governor of the deadly sin of sloth. He also excels at invention and discovery. May be derived from Ba'al Pe'or	 Syrian god of abundant crops.	AAAAAA==
199	High Pixie	The leader of a swarm of pixies. Any pixie in a leadership role or with remarkable power is called by this name.	AAAAAA==
200	Hell Biker	A motorcyclist whose violent nature turned him into a demon. His anger with himself and the world causes him to lash out	 that everyone else would suffer as well.	AAAAAA==
201	Yamata-no-Orochi	A giant snake with eight heads that Susano-o defeated to save Kushinada-Hime. The legendary sword Ame-no-Murakumo-no-Tsurugi	 also known as the "Sword of Kusanagi	 emerged from its belly.,AAAAAA==
202,Norn,Goddesses of fate in Norse lore. They live below the roots of Yggdrasil and weave the threads of fate, which even the gods are bound by.,AAAAAA==
203,Mada,A giant Hindu monster. Its mouth is so enormous it can swallow the Earth and the heavens in one bite. Its name means He Who Intoxicates."	AAAAAA==
204	Genbu	One of the Ssu-Ling	 celestial creatures of Chinese myth. It represents the direction north	 the season of winter	 and the element of water. Known to be a great warrior	 it supports the Earth from below.	AAAAAA==
205	Slime	A primitive monster with a viscous body. There are various theories as to its origin	 but it is still under debate. Said to compulsively collect shiny objects.	AAAAAA==
206	Apsaras	Hindu water spirits	 they are beautiful young women who dance for the gods. They also guide heroes fallen in battle to paradise.	AAAAAA==
207	Kodama	Japanese plant spirits born from trees that have lived for a hundred years. Cutting down one of these trees is said to cause misfortune.	AAAAAA==
208	Kushi Mitama	One of the four aspects of Shinto thought	 it uses its power to bring blessings related to healing illnesses and staying healthy. It is said to have supernatural powers and cause mysterious events.	AAAAAA==
209	Nigi Mitama	One of the four aspects of Shinto thought	 it works gently to help maintain a calm mind. It is said to aid in one's relations and sociability	 and can lead one in a positive direction.	AAAAAA==
210	Rakshasa	A Hindu demon. He is an enemy of the gods and attacks humans to feed off of them. His hideous appearance strikes fear into those who see him. Rakshasa shape-shifts to deceive his enemies.	AAAAAA==
211	Sandman	A fairy in German folklore who carries a bag of magical sand	 which puts humans to sleep when thrown into their eyes. If the victim resists	 the Sandman will sit on their eyelids.	AAAAAA==
212	Anzu	An evil deity of Mesopotamian folklore with an eagle's body and lion's head. While the god Enlil purified himself	 Anzu stole the Tablets of Destiny from him.	AAAAAA==
213	Black Ooze	A mass of malevolent intent and emotion that failed to become a true demon. All it does is eat	 prey	 and grow.	AAAAAA==
214	Mitra	An ancient Persian god of contracts. He was also revered as a harvest-bringing sun god when he was introduced to the Zoroastrian religion.	AAAAAA==
215	Atropos	The eldest of the three Moirae Sisters of Greek mythology. She cuts the threads of life for those whose time has come.	AAAAAA==
216	Kikuri-Hime	The goddess of life in Shinto myth. She once mediated between Izanagi and Izanami during their confrontation in Yomi	 the land of the dead.	AAAAAA==
217	Koumokuten	Also known as Virupaksha	 he is the protector of the West	 and is one of the four Heavenly Kings of Buddhist origin. He keeps a close watch on the world with his sharp gaze.	AAAAAA==
218	Yatagarasu	A divine creature in Japanese lore. They are three-legged birds sent by Amaterasu to help humans. They are said to have helped Emperor Jinmu claim victory.	AAAAAA==
219	Nebiros	The general of Hell. He keeps watch over other demons. One of Hell's greatest necromancers	 he can control souls and corpses.	AAAAAA==
220	Seiryu	The noblest of the Ssu-Ling creatures of Chinese myth. It represents the direction east	 the season of spring	 and the element of wood. It dwells in a palace at the bottom of the ocean.	AAAAAA==
221	Bishamonten	Also known as Tamonten and Vaishravana in Buddhist lore	 he is the strongest of the Heavenly Kings. He protects the North and is the god of war.	AAAAAA==
222	Futsunushi	The Nihonshoki sword deity who pacified Ashihara-no-Nakatsukuni. His name comes from "futsu	 the fashion in which things are cut, and nushi	 his nature as a god.,AAAAAA==
223,Asura,The Hindu king of Asuras is named Maha Vairocana, or One Who Shines On All." In Buddhism	 he is known as Dainichi Nyorai.	AAAAAA==
224	Raphael	One of the four major archangels	 his name means "healer." He recites the history of the fallen angels and the creation of Adam and Eve.	AAAAAA==
225	Zaou-Gongen	Repeller of evil found at Kinpusen by En-no-Ozunu. Believed to be a fusion of Buddha	 Guanyin	 and Maitreya	 he's a god who originated from Japan rather than the Buddhavacana.	AAAAAA==
226	Sraosha	In Zoroastrian lore	 Sraosha's duty is to listen to the cry of humans for Ahura Mazda. He is also known to descend after sunset to vanquish evil. His name literally means "observance."	AAAAAA==
227	Uriel	One of the fourmajor archangels. His name means "Flame of God	 and he knows all the celestial phenomena. He is the first angel Satan met on earth.,AAAAAA==
228,Saki Mitama,One of the four aspects of Shinto thought, it brings great bounty from the hunt. It is said to aid in love, profit, and growth, and can create new paths.,AAAAAA==
229,Berith,One of the 72 demons of the Goetia. Known as the Duke of Hell, he rides a gigantic horse and burns those without manners.,AAAAAA==
230,Shiisaa,A holy beast said to protect houses from evil and bring good fortune. They look similar to Shinto guardian dogs, but are actually modeled after a lion. There are many stories about it in Ryukyu lore.,AAAAAA==
231,Yaksini,A female demon in Hindu lore. Though originally a Dravidian fertility goddess, the spread of Hinduism changed perception of her to a demonic figure. Usually depicted as a nude, voluptuous female.,AAAAAA==
232,Naga,Half-snake, half-human divine beings in Hindu lore, worshipped as bringers of rain. They live in the bottoms of lakes and seas, singing and dancing when they are not fighting.,AAAAAA==
233,Sui-Ki,One of the four oni controlled by Fujiwara no Chikata, it can cause floods with the swing of its arms. In the Taiheiki, Ki no Tomoo expelled the oni by reading a Japanese poem.,AAAAAA==
234,Flauros,One of the 72 demons of the Goetia. He appears as a leopard and can see the past and future. He can control fire and burn all his adversaries to death.,AAAAAA==
235,Setanta,A brave young man in Celtic myth. After defeating a fierce guard dog, he volunteered to take its place, earning him the nickname Hound of Culann."	AAAAAA==
236	Take-Minakata	A Japanese god of war	 hunting and fertility. He fought Take-Mikazuchi for control of Japan and lost. He escaped to Suwa	 but has been prohibited to leave since then.	AAAAAA==
237	Principality	The seventh of the nine orders of angels. They guard cities and nations	 and protect various religious figures.	AAAAAA==
238	Ara Mitama	One of the four aspects of Shinto thought	 it has the power to grant ferocity. It is said to aid in one's bravery	 growth	 and endeavors	 though it can lead in a negative direction.	AAAAAA==
239	Thoth	Egyptian moon god that takes the form of a baboon	 he is the one who measures time. He gave Isis the power to resurrect Osiris after he was killed by the evil god Seth.	AAAAAA==
240	Kaiwan	A god in Assyrian legend	 his name is interchangeable with Sakkut	 another incarnation of the star-god	 Saturn.	AAAAAA==
241	Mithras	A sun deity who was worshipped in the Roman Empire from the 1st to the 4th century AD. He was said to be reborn after death	 and a festival was held on the winter solstice for him.	AAAAAA==
242	Hariti	Also known as Kishimojin	 she once ate children	 but stopped after Buddha changed her ways. She now eats pomegranates and is a goddess of parenting.	AAAAAA==
243	Matador	A master sportsman who entertains the audience in exchange for his own life: one mistake can mean death. Some believe that matadors who die while performing remain in this world.	AAAAAA==
244	Kumbhanda	A Buddhist demon said to drain human life energy. He has dark skin	 stands three meters tall	 and sometimes changes his shape to a gourd. Known to have once served Rudra	 the god of storms.	AAAAAA==
245	Kelpie	A horse-like fairy of Celtic folklore that lives by the water. It drowns those who ride on it	 but is a valuable mount if you can tame it.	AAAAAA==
246	Andras	One of the 72 demons of the Goetia. The great Marquis of Hell	 he appears where there is battle to stoke the hatred within soldiers. He helps defeat the enemies of those who summon him.	AAAAAA==
247	White Rider	One of the Four Horsemen of the Apocalypse	 he rides a white horse with a bow in hand. A crown was granted to him	 and he promises victory.	AAAAAA==
248	Queen Mab	The fairy queen in Celtic myth. Often identified with Titania. She would offer mead mixed with her blood to her many consorts.	AAAAAA==
249	Narcissus	A young man of Greek myth. He rejected the nymph Echo	 who faded to a whisper out of despair. Cursed by Nemesis	 he fell in love with his own reflection and wasted away.	AAAAAA==
250	Trumpeter	Angels that sound the trumpets at the time of the apocalypse. As each trumpet sounds	 the more plagues and disasters will occur	 turning the earth into a land of death and suffering.	AAAAAA==
251	Lilith	Said to have been Adam's first wife	 she desired to be his equal and refused to obey him. She was cast out of Eden and became a demon of the night. She is the mother of the demoness	 Lilim.	AAAAAA==
252	Kali	A goddess of death and destruction. She is said to be another face of Parvati. She is violent	 wears a string of skulls	and carries bloody weapons	 but she also blesses her followers.	AAAAAA==
253	Beelzebub	Demonic Lord of the Flies whose insect minions carry souls for him to control. He is mentioned in the Bible as a leader of evil spirits and is seen as a powerful demon.	AAAAAA==
254	Power	The sixth of the nine orders of angels. It is said that they were the first order to be created. Their duty is to protect human souls from demons.	AAAAAA==
255	Hecatoncheires	Giants born from Uranus and Gaia. The name means "those with a hundred arms." During the war of the Titans	 Zeus freed them from the Underworld to help him obtain victory.	AAAAAA==
256	Yurlungur	A snake with a rainbow body from Yolngu lore. He is a fertility deity who controls the weather and resides in a holy pond filled with rainbow-colored water.	AAAAAA==
257	Girimehkala	A giant elephant monster of Sri Lankan myth	 it is typically portrayed as being ridden by the Evil One	 Mara. Whoever looks into its evil eye is said to be met with misfortune.	AAAAAA==
258	Mara	A Buddhist demon that represents the fear of death. Also known as "The Evil One	 he sent his daughters to tempt Buddha during his meditations.,AAAAAA==
259,Fuu-Ki,One of the four oni controlled by Fujiwara no Chikata, it sends hurricanes to blow away its enemies. Some say that Fuu-ki is the original ninja.,AAAAAA==
260,Ongyo-Ki,One of the four oni controlled by Fujiwara no Chikata. By eliminating its aura and preventing others from sensing its presence, it is able to surprise its enemies.,AAAAAA==
261,Abaddon,The Destroyer" and "Angel of the Bottomless Pit" as described in ancient scriptures. He controls locusts	 using them to cause massive destruction to villages.	AAAAAA==
262	Quetzalcoatl	An Aztec deity known as the Feathered Serpent. He created humans with his own blood and taught them how to sustain themselves.	AAAAAA==
263	Surt	A fire giant in Norse lore. He rules the fire realm	 Muspelheim	 and brandishes a burning sword. At Ragnarok	 he will set the world ablaze.	AAAAAA==
264	Baphomet	A goat-headed demon that is worshipped in Black Sabbaths. His name can be used as a catch-all term for demons in general. He would become an object of worship for witches.	AAAAAA==
265	Raja Naga	The king of the Naga	 a half-man	 half-snake tribe in Hindu lore. The dragon kings Nanda and Takshaka of Buddhist myth fall into this royal category.	AAAAAA==
266	Barong	A mystical creature in Balinese lore	 it represents good and is Rangda's eternal rival. Even if defeated	 it will be reborn. The result is a never-ending struggle.	AAAAAA==
267	Garuda	A divine bird-man in Hindu lore	 he once fought the gods and received immortality in exchange for becoming Vishnu's carrier.	AAAAAA==
268	Daisoujou	A monk who died while fasting	 his spiritual power allows his body to continue to exist without rotting. It is said that he will appear before people on the day of salvation.	AAAAAA==
269	Ose	One of the 72 demons of the Goetia	 he is known as the President of Hell. He can shape-shift from leopard to human and reveal the truth behind divine mysteries.	AAAAAA==
270	Kushinada	A Japanese goddess. She governs fields and fertility. All of her sisters were sacrificed to Yamata-no-Orochi	 but she was saved by Susano-o and became his wife.	AAAAAA==
271	Dakini	Hindu deities of passion and relations. They are Kali's attendants. They eat human flesh and gather at graveyards and crematories each night. Their name means "sky dancer."	AAAAAA==
272	Pale Rider	One of the Four Horsemen of the Apocalypse	 he rides a pale horse and represents death. He has the power to destroy life.	AAAAAA==
273	Black Rider	One of the Four Horsemen of the Apocalypse	 he rides a black horse and carries scales. He brings famine and has the right to end lives through suffering.	AAAAAA==
274	Red Rider	One of the Four Horsemen of the Apocalypse	 he rides a red horse and carries a great sword. He has the power to destroy peace and make men slay one another.	AAAAAA==
275	Scathach	A warrior woman of the Land of Shadows in Celtic lore. She taught the hero	 Cu Chulainn	 the art of war and gave him the spear	 Gae Bolg.	AAAAAA==
276	Valkyrie	Choosers of the slain in Norse lore. Armed with shining armor and swords	 they look for brave warriors to take to Valhalla	 so that they may fight in Ragnarok.	AAAAAA==
277	Dionysus	The Greek god of wine and theater. He was originally a god of life protecting the mountains of Thrace. He taught humans how to make wine.	AAAAAA==
278	Melchizedek	An angel of Gnosticism	 governing over peace and righteousness. Though said to be the savior of the angels	 he used to be a human	 the king of Salem.	AAAAAA==
279	Jack-o'-Lantern	A drunkard who tricked the Devil out of taking him to Hell. When refused entry to Heaven	 he was forced to wander the earth with only an ember as a light.	AAAAAA==
280	Jack-o'-Lantern	A drunkard who tricked the Devil out of taking him to Hell. When refused entry to Heaven	 he was forced to wander the earth with only an ember as a light.	AAAAAA==
281	Jack-o'-Lantern	A drunkard who tricked the Devil out of taking him to Hell. When refused entry to Heaven	 he was forced to wander the earth with only an ember as a light.	AAAAAA==
282	Jack-o'-Lantern	A drunkard who tricked the Devil out of taking him to Hell. When refused entry to Heaven	 he was forced to wander the earth with only an ember as a light.	AAAAAA==
283	Jack-o'-Lantern	A drunkard who tricked the Devil out of taking him to Hell. When refused entry to Heaven	 he was forced to wander the earth with only an ember as a light.	AAAAAA==
284	Jack-o'-Lantern	A drunkard who tricked the Devil out of taking him to Hell. When refused entry to Heaven	 he was forced to wander the earth with only an ember as a light.	AAAAAA==
285	Jack-o'-Lantern	A drunkard who tricked the Devil out of taking him to Hell. When refused entry to Heaven	 he was forced to wander the earth with only an ember as a light.	AAAAAA==
286	Jack-o'-Lantern	A drunkard who tricked the Devil out of taking him to Hell. When refused entry to Heaven	 he was forced to wander the earth with only an ember as a light.	AAAAAA==
287	Jack-o'-Lantern	A drunkard who tricked the Devil out of taking him to Hell. When refused entry to Heaven	 he was forced to wander the earth with only an ember as a light.	AAAAAA==
288	Jack-o'-Lantern	A drunkard who tricked the Devil out of taking him to Hell. When refused entry to Heaven	 he was forced to wander the earth with only an ember as a light.	AAAAAA==
289	Jack-o'-Lantern	A drunkard who tricked the Devil out of taking him to Hell. When refused entry to Heaven	 he was forced to wander the earth with only an ember as a light.	AAAAAA==
290	Jack-o'-Lantern	A drunkard who tricked the Devil out of taking him to Hell. When refused entry to Heaven	 he was forced to wander the earth with only an ember as a light.	AAAAAA==
291	Jack-o'-Lantern	A drunkard who tricked the Devil out of taking him to Hell. When refused entry to Heaven	 he was forced to wander the earth with only an ember as a light.	AAAAAA==
292	Jack-o'-Lantern	A drunkard who tricked the Devil out of taking him to Hell. When refused entry to Heaven	 he was forced to wander the earth with only an ember as a light.	AAAAAA==
293	Jack-o'-Lantern	A drunkard who tricked the Devil out of taking him to Hell. When refused entry to Heaven	 he was forced to wander the earth with only an ember as a light.	AAAAAA==
294	Jack-o'-Lantern	A drunkard who tricked the Devil out of taking him to Hell. When refused entry to Heaven	 he was forced to wander the earth with only an ember as a light.	AAAAAA==
295	Jack-o'-Lantern	A drunkard who tricked the Devil out of taking him to Hell. When refused entry to Heaven	 he was forced to wander the earth with only an ember as a light.	AAAAAA==
296	Jack-o'-Lantern	A drunkard who tricked the Devil out of taking him to Hell. When refused entry to Heaven	 he was forced to wander the earth with only an ember as a light.	AAAAAA==
297	Jack-o'-Lantern	A drunkard who tricked the Devil out of taking him to Hell. When refused entry to Heaven	 he was forced to wander the earth with only an ember as a light.	AAAAAA==
298	Jack-o'-Lantern	A drunkard who tricked the Devil out of taking him to Hell. When refused entry to Heaven	 he was forced to wander the earth with only an ember as a light.	AAAAAA==
299	Jack-o'-Lantern	A drunkard who tricked the Devil out of taking him to Hell. When refused entry to Heaven	 he was forced to wander the earth with only an ember as a light.	AAAAAA==
300	Jack-o'-Lantern	A drunkard who tricked the Devil out of taking him to Hell. When refused entry to Heaven	 he was forced to wander the earth with only an ember as a light.	AAAAAA==
301	Jack-o'-Lantern	A drunkard who tricked the Devil out of taking him to Hell. When refused entry to Heaven	 he was forced to wander the earth with only an ember as a light.	AAAAAA==
302	Jack-o'-Lantern	A drunkard who tricked the Devil out of taking him to Hell. When refused entry to Heaven	 he was forced to wander the earth with only an ember as a light.	AAAAAA==
303	Jack-o'-Lantern	A drunkard who tricked the Devil out of taking him to Hell. When refused entry to Heaven	 he was forced to wander the earth with only an ember as a light.	AAAAAA==
304	Jack-o'-Lantern	A drunkard who tricked the Devil out of taking him to Hell. When refused entry to Heaven	 he was forced to wander the earth with only an ember as a light.	AAAAAA==
305	Jack-o'-Lantern	A drunkard who tricked the Devil out of taking him to Hell. When refused entry to Heaven	 he was forced to wander the earth with only an ember as a light.	AAAAAA==
306	Jack-o'-Lantern	A drunkard who tricked the Devil out of taking him to Hell. When refused entry to Heaven	 he was forced to wander the earth with only an ember as a light.	AAAAAA==
307	Jack-o'-Lantern	A drunkard who tricked the Devil out of taking him to Hell. When refused entry to Heaven	 he was forced to wander the earth with only an ember as a light.	AAAAAA==
308	Jack-o'-Lantern	A drunkard who tricked the Devil out of taking him to Hell. When refused entry to Heaven	 he was forced to wander the earth with only an ember as a light.	AAAAAA==
309	Jack-o'-Lantern	A drunkard who tricked the Devil out of taking him to Hell. When refused entry to Heaven	 he was forced to wander the earth with only an ember as a light.	AAAAAA==
310	Jack-o'-Lantern	A drunkard who tricked the Devil out of taking him to Hell. When refused entry to Heaven	 he was forced to wander the earth with only an ember as a light.	AAAAAA==
311	Jack-o'-Lantern	A drunkard who tricked the Devil out of taking him to Hell. When refused entry to Heaven	 he was forced to wander the earth with only an ember as a light.	AAAAAA==
312	Jack-o'-Lantern	A drunkard who tricked the Devil out of taking him to Hell. When refused entry to Heaven	 he was forced to wander the earth with only an ember as a light.	AAAAAA==
313	Jack-o'-Lantern	A drunkard who tricked the Devil out of taking him to Hell. When refused entry to Heaven	 he was forced to wander the earth with only an ember as a light.	AAAAAA==
314	Jack-o'-Lantern	A drunkard who tricked the Devil out of taking him to Hell. When refused entry to Heaven	 he was forced to wander the earth with only an ember as a light.	AAAAAA==
315	Jack-o'-Lantern	A drunkard who tricked the Devil out of taking him to Hell. When refused entry to Heaven	 he was forced to wander the earth with only an ember as a light.	AAAAAA==
316	Jack-o'-Lantern	A drunkard who tricked the Devil out of taking him to Hell. When refused entry to Heaven	 he was forced to wander the earth with only an ember as a light.	AAAAAA==
317	Jack-o'-Lantern	A drunkard who tricked the Devil out of taking him to Hell. When refused entry to Heaven	 he was forced to wander the earth with only an ember as a light.	AAAAAA==
318	Jack-o'-Lantern	A drunkard who tricked the Devil out of taking him to Hell. When refused entry to Heaven	 he was forced to wander the earth with only an ember as a light.	AAAAAA==
319	Jack-o'-Lantern	A drunkard who tricked the Devil out of taking him to Hell. When refused entry to Heaven	 he was forced to wander the earth with only an ember as a light.	AAAAAA==
320	Jack-o'-Lantern	A drunkard who tricked the Devil out of taking him to Hell. When refused entry to Heaven	 he was forced to wander the earth with only an ember as a light.	AAAAAA==
321	Jack-o'-Lantern	A drunkard who tricked the Devil out of taking him to Hell. When refused entry to Heaven	 he was forced to wander the earth with only an ember as a light.	AAAAAA==
322	Jack-o'-Lantern	A drunkard who tricked the Devil out of taking him to Hell. When refused entry to Heaven	 he was forced to wander the earth with only an ember as a light.	AAAAAA==
323	Jack-o'-Lantern	A drunkard who tricked the Devil out of taking him to Hell. When refused entry to Heaven	 he was forced to wander the earth with only an ember as a light.	AAAAAA==
324	Jack-o'-Lantern	A drunkard who tricked the Devil out of taking him to Hell. When refused entry to Heaven	 he was forced to wander the earth with only an ember as a light.	AAAAAA==
325	Jack-o'-Lantern	A drunkard who tricked the Devil out of taking him to Hell. When refused entry to Heaven	 he was forced to wander the earth with only an ember as a light.	AAAAAA==
326	Lakshmi	The Hindu goddess of beauty and good fortune	 Vishnu's wife	 and Kama's mother. She is the goddess of love	 believed to have been born from an ocean of milk.	AAAAAA==
327	Asterius	No Details	AAAAAA==
328	Yoshitsune	A Japanese general of the Genpei War near the end of the Heian era and start of the Kamakura era. His bold ingenuity and ruthless skill with a blade are still praised in Japan today.	AAAAAA==
329	Parvati	A beautiful Hindu goddess of love and one of Shiva's wives. Always by his side	 she played a role in opening his third eye. She can turn into Durga or Kali when angered.	AAAAAA==
330	Parvati	A beautiful Hindu goddess of love and one of Shiva's wives. Always by his side	 she played a role in opening his third eye. She can turn into Durga or Kali when angered.	AAAAAA==
331	Dominion	The fourth of the nine orders of angels. Their duty is to oversee the other angels. Their actions are the manifestation of God's will.	AAAAAA==
332	Michael	One of the four major archangels	 he is at the top of the angelic hierarchy. He carries a long spear that can cut through anything	 and his name means "one who is like God."	AAAAAA==
333	Michael	One of the four major archangels	 he is at the top of the angelic hierarchy. He carries a long spear that can cut through anything	 and his name means "one who is like God."	AAAAAA==
334	Sandalphon	Metatron's twin brother in Judeo-Christian lore	 he is the master of heavenly songs. It is said that a human would take 500 years to walk the length of his body.	AAAAAA==
335	Michael	One of the four major archangels	 he is at the top of the angelic hierarchy. He carries a long spear that can cut through anything	 and his name means "one who is like God."	AAAAAA==
336	Black Frost	A Jack Frost that yearned for evil. This powerful demon is born when a cute Jack Frost remembers its demonic nature.	AAAAAA==
337	Black Frost	A Jack Frost that yearned for evil. This powerful demon is born when a cute Jack Frost remembers its demonic nature.	AAAAAA==
338	Kohryu	Known as the Gold Dragon	 it reigns over the Ssu-Ling	 celestial creatures of Chinese lore. It is located at the center of the four beasts.	AAAAAA==
339	Yoshitsune	A Japanese general of the Genpei War near the end of the Heian era and start of the Kamakura era. His bold ingenuity and ruthless skill with a blade are still praised in Japan today.	AAAAAA==
340	Yoshitsune	A Japanese general of the Genpei War near the end of the Heian era and start of the Kamakura era. His bold ingenuity and ruthless skill with a blade are still praised in Japan today.	AAAAAA==
341	Kohryu	Known as the Gold Dragon	 it reigns over the Ssu-Ling	 celestial creatures of Chinese lore. It is located at the center of the four beasts.	AAAAAA==
342	Michael	One of the four major archangels	 he is at the top of the angelic hierarchy. He carries a long spear that can cut through anything	 and his name means "one who is like God."	AAAAAA==
343	Michael	One of the four major archangels	 he is at the top of the angelic hierarchy. He carries a long spear that can cut through anything	 and his name means "one who is like God."	AAAAAA==
344	Gabriel	One of the four major archangels. She is also the only female angel at this rank. Her name comes from the Sumerian word for "governor." She is the angel who told Mary of her pregnancy.	AAAAAA==
345	Okuninushi	A Kunitsu deity in Japanese mythology that governs agriculture and medicine. He's said to have built the country of Izumo with Susano-o's daughter	 Suseri-Hime.	AAAAAA==
346	Okuninushi	A Kunitsu deity in Japanese mythology that governs agriculture and medicine. He's said to have built the country of Izumo with Susano-o's daughter	 Suseri-Hime.	AAAAAA==
347	Dominion	The fourth of the nine orders of angels. Their duty is to oversee the other angels. Their actions are the manifestation of God's will.	AAAAAA==
348	Lakshmi	The Hindu goddess of beauty and good fortune	 Vishnu's wife	 and Kama's mother. She is the goddess of love	 believed to have been born from an ocean of milk.	AAAAAA==
349	Lakshmi	The Hindu goddess of beauty and good fortune	 Vishnu's wife	 and Kama's mother. She is the goddess of love	 believed to have been born from an ocean of milk.	AAAAAA==
350	Sandalphon	Metatron's twin brother in Judeo-Christian lore	 he is the master of heavenly songs. It is said that a human would take 500 years to walk the length of his body.	AAAAAA==
351	Yoshitsune	A Japanese general of the Genpei War near the end of the Heian era and start of the Kamakura era. His bold ingenuity and ruthless skill with a blade are still praised in Japan today.	AAAAAA==
352	Yoshitsune	A Japanese general of the Genpei War near the end of the Heian era and start of the Kamakura era. His bold ingenuity and ruthless skill with a blade are still praised in Japan today.	AAAAAA==
353	Alice	A mysterious blond girl. She is quite powerful	 despite her looks. Some say she is the ghost of a girl who died a sad death. Others say she is a spirit born from someone's imagination.	AAAAAA==
354	Sarasvati	The Hindu goddess of rivers	 and patron of speech	 writing	 learning	 the arts	 and sciences. Brahma is her husband.	AAAAAA==
355	Sarasvati	The Hindu goddess of rivers	 and patron of speech	 writing	 learning	 the arts	 and sciences. Brahma is her husband.	AAAAAA==
356	Asterius	No Details	AAAAAA==
357	Byakko	One of the Ssu-Ling	 celestial creatures of Chinese myth. It represents the direction west	 the season of autumn	 and the element of metal. He is believed to be the king of all beasts.	AAAAAA==
358	Byakko	One of the Ssu-Ling	 celestial creatures of Chinese myth. It represents the direction west	 the season of autumn	 and the element of metal. He is believed to be the king of all beasts.	AAAAAA==
359	Sarasvati	The Hindu goddess of rivers	 and patron of speech	 writing	 learning	 the arts	 and sciences. Brahma is her husband.	AAAAAA==
360	Sarasvati	The Hindu goddess of rivers	 and patron of speech	 writing	 learning	 the arts	 and sciences. Brahma is her husband.	AAAAAA==
361	Black Frost	A Jack Frost that yearned for evil. This powerful demon is born when a cute Jack Frost remembers its demonic nature.	AAAAAA==
362	Okuninushi	A Kunitsu deity in Japanese mythology that governs agriculture and medicine. He's said to have built the country of Izumo with Susano-o's daughter	 Suseri-Hime.	AAAAAA==
363	Titania	The queen of the fairies and Oberon's wife. She is derived from the Roman goddess Diana. She was later immortalized in Shakespeare's play "A Midsummer Night's Dream."	AAAAAA==
364	Titania	The queen of the fairies and Oberon's wife. She is derived from the Roman goddess Diana. She was later immortalized in Shakespeare's play "A Midsummer Night's Dream."	AAAAAA==
365	Lakshmi	The Hindu goddess of beauty and good fortune	 Vishnu's wife	 and Kama's mother. She is the goddess of love	 believed to have been born from an ocean of milk.	AAAAAA==
366	Lakshmi	The Hindu goddess of beauty and good fortune	 Vishnu's wife	 and Kama's mother. She is the goddess of love	 believed to have been born from an ocean of milk.	AAAAAA==
367	Asterius	No Details	AAAAAA==
368	Yoshitsune	A Japanese general of the Genpei War near the end of the Heian era and start of the Kamakura era. His bold ingenuity and ruthless skill with a blade are still praised in Japan today.	AAAAAA==
369	Parvati	A beautiful Hindu goddess of love and one of Shiva's wives. Always by his side	 she played a role in opening his third eye. She can turn into Durga or Kali when angered.	AAAAAA==
370	Parvati	A beautiful Hindu goddess of love and one of Shiva's wives. Always by his side	 she played a role in opening his third eye. She can turn into Durga or Kali when angered.	AAAAAA==
371	Okuninushi	A Kunitsu deity in Japanese mythology that governs agriculture and medicine. He's said to have built the country of Izumo with Susano-o's daughter	 Suseri-Hime.	AAAAAA==
372	Byakko	One of the Ssu-Ling	 celestial creatures of Chinese myth. It represents the direction west	 the season of autumn	 and the element of metal. He is believed to be the king of all beasts.	AAAAAA==
373	Byakko	One of the Ssu-Ling	 celestial creatures of Chinese myth. It represents the direction west	 the season of autumn	 and the element of metal. He is believed to be the king of all beasts.	AAAAAA==
374	Black Frost	A Jack Frost that yearned for evil. This powerful demon is born when a cute Jack Frost remembers its demonic nature.	AAAAAA==
375	Parvati	A beautiful Hindu goddess of love and one of Shiva's wives. Always by his side	 she played a role in opening his third eye. She can turn into Durga or Kali when angered.	AAAAAA==
376	Parvati	A beautiful Hindu goddess of love and one of Shiva's wives. Always by his side	 she played a role in opening his third eye. She can turn into Durga or Kali when angered.	AAAAAA==
377	Gabriel	One of the four major archangels. She is also the only female angel at this rank. Her name comes from the Sumerian word for "governor." She is the angel who told Mary of her pregnancy.	AAAAAA==
378	Lakshmi	The Hindu goddess of beauty and good fortune	 Vishnu's wife	 and Kama's mother. She is the goddess of love	 believed to have been born from an ocean of milk.	AAAAAA==
379	Titania	The queen of the fairies and Oberon's wife. She is derived from the Roman goddess Diana. She was later immortalized in Shakespeare's play "A Midsummer Night's Dream."	AAAAAA==
380	Titania	The queen of the fairies and Oberon's wife. She is derived from the Roman goddess Diana. She was later immortalized in Shakespeare's play "A Midsummer Night's Dream."	AAAAAA==
381	Alice	A mysterious blond girl. She is quite powerful	 despite her looks. Some say she is the ghost of a girl who died a sad death. Others say she is a spirit born from someone's imagination.	AAAAAA==
382	Kohryu	Known as the Gold Dragon	 it reigns over the Ssu-Ling	 celestial creatures of Chinese lore. It is located at the center of the four beasts.	AAAAAA==
383	Michael	One of the four major archangels	 he is at the top of the angelic hierarchy. He carries a long spear that can cut through anything	 and his name means "one who is like God."	AAAAAA==
384	Michael	One of the four major archangels	 he is at the top of the angelic hierarchy. He carries a long spear that can cut through anything	 and his name means "one who is like God."	AAAAAA==
385	Gabriel	One of the four major archangels. She is also the only female angel at this rank. Her name comes from the Sumerian word for "governor." She is the angel who told Mary of her pregnancy.	AAAAAA==
386	Okuninushi	A Kunitsu deity in Japanese mythology that governs agriculture and medicine. He's said to have built the country of Izumo with Susano-o's daughter	 Suseri-Hime.	AAAAAA==
387	Okuninushi	A Kunitsu deity in Japanese mythology that governs agriculture and medicine. He's said to have built the country of Izumo with Susano-o's daughter	 Suseri-Hime.	AAAAAA==
388	Dominion	The fourth of the nine orders of angels. Their duty is to oversee the other angels. Their actions are the manifestation of God's will.	AAAAAA==
389	Lakshmi	The Hindu goddess of beauty and good fortune	 Vishnu's wife	 and Kama's mother. She is the goddess of love	 believed to have been born from an ocean of milk.	AAAAAA==
390	Lakshmi	The Hindu goddess of beauty and good fortune	 Vishnu's wife	 and Kama's mother. She is the goddess of love	 believed to have been born from an ocean of milk.	AAAAAA==
391	Sandalphon	Metatron's twin brother in Judeo-Christian lore	 he is the master of heavenly songs. It is said that a human would take 500 years to walk the length of his body.	AAAAAA==
392	Yoshitsune	A Japanese general of the Genpei War near the end of the Heian era and start of the Kamakura era. His bold ingenuity and ruthless skill with a blade are still praised in Japan today.	AAAAAA==
393	Yoshitsune	A Japanese general of the Genpei War near the end of the Heian era and start of the Kamakura era. His bold ingenuity and ruthless skill with a blade are still praised in Japan today.	AAAAAA==
394	Alice	A mysterious blond girl. She is quite powerful	 despite her looks. Some say she is the ghost of a girl who died a sad death. Others say she is a spirit born from someone's imagination.	AAAAAA==
395	Sarasvati	The Hindu goddess of rivers	 and patron of speech	 writing	 learning	 the arts	 and sciences. Brahma is her husband.	AAAAAA==
396	Sarasvati	The Hindu goddess of rivers	 and patron of speech	 writing	 learning	 the arts	 and sciences. Brahma is her husband.	AAAAAA==
397	Asterius	No Details	AAAAAA==
398	Byakko	One of the Ssu-Ling	 celestial creatures of Chinese myth. It represents the direction west	 the season of autumn	 and the element of metal. He is believed to be the king of all beasts.	AAAAAA==
399	Byakko	One of the Ssu-Ling	 celestial creatures of Chinese myth. It represents the direction west	 the season of autumn	 and the element of metal. He is believed to be the king of all beasts.	AAAAAA==
400	Michael	One of the four major archangels	 he is at the top of the angelic hierarchy. He carries a long spear that can cut through anything	 and his name means "one who is like God."	AAAAAA==
401	Black Frost	A Jack Frost that yearned for evil. This powerful demon is born when a cute Jack Frost remembers its demonic nature.	AAAAAA==
402	Black Frost	A Jack Frost that yearned for evil. This powerful demon is born when a cute Jack Frost remembers its demonic nature.	AAAAAA==
403	Kohryu	Known as the Gold Dragon	 it reigns over the Ssu-Ling	 celestial creatures of Chinese lore. It is located at the center of the four beasts.	AAAAAA==
404	Yoshitsune	A Japanese general of the Genpei War near the end of the Heian era and start of the Kamakura era. His bold ingenuity and ruthless skill with a blade are still praised in Japan today.	AAAAAA==
405	Yoshitsune	A Japanese general of the Genpei War near the end of the Heian era and start of the Kamakura era. His bold ingenuity and ruthless skill with a blade are still praised in Japan today.	AAAAAA==
406	Dominion	The fourth of the nine orders of angels. Their duty is to oversee the other angels. Their actions are the manifestation of God's will.	AAAAAA==
407	Michael	One of the four major archangels	 he is at the top of the angelic hierarchy. He carries a long spear that can cut through anything	 and his name means "one who is like God."	AAAAAA==
408	Michael	One of the four major archangels	 he is at the top of the angelic hierarchy. He carries a long spear that can cut through anything	 and his name means "one who is like God."	AAAAAA==
409	Sandalphon	Metatron's twin brother in Judeo-Christian lore	 he is the master of heavenly songs. It is said that a human would take 500 years to walk the length of his body.	AAAAAA==
410	Novice Frost	-	AAAAAA==
411	Jack-o'-Lantern	A drunkard who tricked the Devil out of taking him to Hell. When refused entry to Heaven	 he was forced to wander the earth with only an ember as a light.	AAAAAA==
412	Jack-o'-Lantern	A drunkard who tricked the Devil out of taking him to Hell. When refused entry to Heaven	 he was forced to wander the earth with only an ember as a light.	AAAAAA==
413	Succubus	A female demon of European lore in medieval times. They visit sleeping men and have sexual intercourse with them. The victims don't wake up but may dream of the encounter.	AAAAAA==
414	Jack-o'-Lantern	A drunkard who tricked the Devil out of taking him to Hell. When refused entry to Heaven	 he was forced to wander the earth with only an ember as a light.	AAAAAA==
415	Jack-o'-Lantern	A drunkard who tricked the Devil out of taking him to Hell. When refused entry to Heaven	 he was forced to wander the earth with only an ember as a light.	AAAAAA==
416	Eligor	One of the 72 demons of the Goetia. He looks like a knight and has the power to see things to come. He also knows much about war.	AAAAAA==
417	Bicorn	An evil creature with two curving horns from European folklore. It represents impurity	 unlike the Unicorn. Said to be derived from Re'em in the Bible. Another legend says that it feeds off of loyal husbands.	AAAAAA==
418	Bicorn	An evil creature with two curving horns from European folklore. It represents impurity	 unlike the Unicorn. Said to be derived from Re'em in the Bible. Another legend says that it feeds off of loyal husbands.	AAAAAA==
419	Anubis	The jackal-headed god of the dead and embalming from Egyptian myth. He weighs the hearts of the dead to determine their final destination.	AAAAAA==
420	Raga	-	AAAAAA==
421	Thor	The Norse thunder god and son of Odin	 Thor owns the power enhancing belt	 Megingjard	 and wields Mjolnir	 a hammer that causes lightning to strike and returns to its owner if thrown.	AAAAAA==
422	Kurama Tengu	A type of tengu said to have lived on Mt. Kurama in Kyoto. The most powerful and well-known of the tengu	 they have the power to fend off disease and bring good fortune.	AAAAAA==
423	Kurama Tengu	A type of tengu said to have lived on Mt. Kurama in Kyoto. The most powerful and well-known of the tengu	 they have the power to fend off disease and bring good fortune.	AAAAAA==
424	Dvesha	-	AAAAAA==
425	Oni	An evil monster from Japanese lore known for its hideous visage and brute strength. They loot and plunder villages	 massacring the townspeople with their iron clubs. They have horns on their heads	 red skin	 long claws	 and razor-sharp teeth.	AAAAAA==
426	Oni	An evil monster from Japanese lore known for its hideous visage and brute strength. They loot and plunder villages	 massacring the townspeople with their iron clubs. They have horns on their heads	 red skin	 long claws	 and razor-sharp teeth.	AAAAAA==
427	Moha	-	AAAAAA==
601	Jack-o'-Lantern	A drunkard who tricked the Devil out of taking him to Hell. When refused entry to Heaven	 he was forced to wander the earth with only an ember as a light.	AAAAAA==
602	Jack-o'-Lantern	A drunkard who tricked the Devil out of taking him to Hell. When refused entry to Heaven	 he was forced to wander the earth with only an ember as a light.	AAAAAA==
603	Archangel	Eighth of the nine orders of angels. Their duty is to minister to humans and deliver messages. They are warriors of Heaven and lead Heaven's forces during battle with the armies of evil.	AAAAAA==
604	Jack Frost	A winter fairy of European descent. He leaves ice patterns on windows and nips people's noses. Though normally an innocent creature	 he will freeze his victims to death if provoked.	AAAAAA==
605	Jack-o'-Lantern	A drunkard who tricked the Devil out of taking him to Hell. When refused entry to Heaven	 he was forced to wander the earth with only an ember as a light.	AAAAAA==
606	Jack-o'-Lantern	A drunkard who tricked the Devil out of taking him to Hell. When refused entry to Heaven	 he was forced to wander the earth with only an ember as a light.	AAAAAA==
607	Agathion	A general term for familiars used by Judeo-Christian magicians	 they are usually sealed away in bottles	 rings	 or talismans. They torment the target selected by the conjuror.	AAAAAA==
608	Agathion	A general term for familiars used by Judeo-Christian magicians	 they are usually sealed away in bottles	 rings	 or talismans. They torment the target selected by the conjuror.	AAAAAA==
609	Succubus	A female demon of European lore in medieval times. They visit sleeping men and have sexual intercourse with them. The victims don't wake up but may dream of the encounter.	AAAAAA==
610	Mokoi	Evil spirits of Murngin lore believed to be reborn shadows. They kidnap and eat children	 and strike down any sorcerer who uses black magic.	AAAAAA==
611	Mokoi	Evil spirits of Murngin lore believed to be reborn shadows. They kidnap and eat children	 and strike down any sorcerer who uses black magic.	AAAAAA==
612	Archangel	Eighth of the nine orders of angels. Their duty is to minister to humans and deliver messages. They are warriors of Heaven and lead Heaven's forces during battle with the armies of evil.	AAAAAA==
613	Agathion	A general term for familiars used by Judeo-Christian magicians	 they are usually sealed away in bottles	 rings	 or talismans. They torment the target selected by the conjuror.	AAAAAA==
614	Agathion	A general term for familiars used by Judeo-Christian magicians	 they are usually sealed away in bottles	 rings	 or talismans. They torment the target selected by the conjuror.	AAAAAA==
615	Eligor	One of the 72 demons of the Goetia. He looks like a knight and has the power to see things to come. He also knows much about war.	AAAAAA==
616	Bicorn	An evil creature with two curving horns from European folklore. It represents impurity	 unlike the Unicorn. Said to be derived from Re'em in the Bible. Another legend says that it feeds off of loyal husbands.	AAAAAA==
617	Jack-o'-Lantern	A drunkard who tricked the Devil out of taking him to Hell. When refused entry to Heaven	 he was forced to wander the earth with only an ember as a light.	AAAAAA==
618	Jack-o'-Lantern	A drunkard who tricked the Devil out of taking him to Hell. When refused entry to Heaven	 he was forced to wander the earth with only an ember as a light.	AAAAAA==
619	Suzaku	One of the Ssu-Ling	 celestial creatures of Chinese myth. It is a giant bird that is said to chirp in five beautiful voices. It represents the direction south	 the season of summer	 and the element of fire.	AAAAAA==
620	Bicorn	An evil creature with two curving horns from European folklore. It represents impurity	 unlike the Unicorn. Said to be derived from Re'em in the Bible. Another legend says that it feeds off of loyal husbands.	AAAAAA==
621	Bicorn	An evil creature with two curving horns from European folklore. It represents impurity	 unlike the Unicorn. Said to be derived from Re'em in the Bible. Another legend says that it feeds off of loyal husbands.	AAAAAA==
622	Izanagi	A Persona of another story.
One of the ancient gods who existed before Japan was formed.
He created the Oyashima from chaos	 then gave birth to countless children and laid the foundation of soil and nature.	AAAAAA==
623	Orthrus	The two-headed pet dog belonging to the giant Geryon of Greek myth. He guarded a herd of red oxen but was killed by Hercules during one of his twelve labors.	AAAAAA==
624	Agathion	A general term for familiars used by Judeo-Christian magicians	 they are usually sealed away in bottles	 rings	 or talismans. They torment the target selected by the conjuror.	AAAAAA==
625	Agathion	A general term for familiars used by Judeo-Christian magicians	 they are usually sealed away in bottles	 rings	 or talismans. They torment the target selected by the conjuror.	AAAAAA==
626	Lamia	A half-human	 half-snake female monster of Greek myth	 she was once the queen of Libya. Zeus's jealous wife	 Hera	 killed her children	 causing her to go mad and transform into a monster.	AAAAAA==
627	Unicorn	A legendary white horse with a single spiral horn. It can only be tamed by a pure maiden	 and its horn supposedly has miraculous healing capabilities.	AAAAAA==
628	Unicorn	A legendary white horse with a single spiral horn. It can only be tamed by a pure maiden	 and its horn supposedly has miraculous healing capabilities.	AAAAAA==
629	Neko Shogun	A prophetic Taoist god	 originally known as Mao Shogun. Due to a linguistic error involving the Chinese word for "cat	 his name was changed to Neko Shogun.,AAAAAA==
630,Unicorn,A legendary white horse with a single spiral horn. It can only be tamed by a pure maiden, and its horn supposedly has miraculous healing capabilities.,AAAAAA==
631,Jack Frost,A winter fairy of European descent. He leaves ice patterns on windows and nips people's noses. Though normally an innocent creature, he will freeze his victims to death if provoked.,AAAAAA==
632,Jack Frost,A winter fairy of European descent. He leaves ice patterns on windows and nips people's noses. Though normally an innocent creature, he will freeze his victims to death if provoked.,AAAAAA==
633,Anubis,The jackal-headed god of the dead and embalming from Egyptian myth. He weighs the hearts of the dead to determine their final destination.,AAAAAA==
634,Orthrus,The two-headed pet dog belonging to the giant Geryon of Greek myth. He guarded a herd of red oxen but was killed by Hercules during one of his twelve labors.,AAAAAA==
635,Orthrus,The two-headed pet dog belonging to the giant Geryon of Greek myth. He guarded a herd of red oxen but was killed by Hercules during one of his twelve labors.,AAAAAA==
636,Izanagi,A Persona of another story.
One of the ancient gods who existed before Japan was formed.
He created the Oyashima from chaos, then gave birth to countless children and laid the foundation of soil and nature.,AAAAAA==
637,Unicorn,A legendary white horse with a single spiral horn. It can only be tamed by a pure maiden, and its horn supposedly has miraculous healing capabilities.,AAAAAA==
638,Unicorn,A legendary white horse with a single spiral horn. It can only be tamed by a pure maiden, and its horn supposedly has miraculous healing capabilities.,AAAAAA==
639,Lamia,A half-human, half-snake female monster of Greek myth, she was once the queen of Libya. Zeus's jealous wife, Hera, killed her children, causing her to go mad and transform into a monster.,AAAAAA==
640,Succubus,A female demon of European lore in medieval times. They visit sleeping men and have sexual intercourse with them. The victims don't wake up but may dream of the encounter.,AAAAAA==
641,Succubus,A female demon of European lore in medieval times. They visit sleeping men and have sexual intercourse with them. The victims don't wake up but may dream of the encounter.,AAAAAA==
642,Eligor,One of the 72 demons of the Goetia. He looks like a knight and has the power to see things to come. He also knows much about war.,AAAAAA==
643,Bicorn,An evil creature with two curving horns from European folklore. It represents impurity, unlike the Unicorn. Said to be derived from Re'em in the Bible. Another legend says that it feeds off of loyal husbands.,AAAAAA==
644,Bicorn,An evil creature with two curving horns from European folklore. It represents impurity, unlike the Unicorn. Said to be derived from Re'em in the Bible. Another legend says that it feeds off of loyal husbands.,AAAAAA==
645,Suzaku,One of the Ssu-Ling, celestial creatures of Chinese myth. It is a giant bird that is said to chirp in five beautiful voices. It represents the direction south, the season of summer, and the element of fire.,AAAAAA==
646,Orthrus,The two-headed pet dog belonging to the giant Geryon of Greek myth. He guarded a herd of red oxen but was killed by Hercules during one of his twelve labors.,AAAAAA==
647,Orthrus,The two-headed pet dog belonging to the giant Geryon of Greek myth. He guarded a herd of red oxen but was killed by Hercules during one of his twelve labors.,AAAAAA==
648,Neko Shogun,A prophetic Taoist god, originally known as Mao Shogun. Due to a linguistic error involving the Chinese word for cat	 his name was changed to Neko Shogun.,AAAAAA==
649,Mokoi,Evil spirits of Murngin lore believed to be reborn shadows. They kidnap and eat children, and strike down any sorcerer who uses black magic.,AAAAAA==
650,Mokoi,Evil spirits of Murngin lore believed to be reborn shadows. They kidnap and eat children, and strike down any sorcerer who uses black magic.,AAAAAA==
651,Anubis,The jackal-headed god of the dead and embalming from Egyptian myth. He weighs the hearts of the dead to determine their final destination.,AAAAAA==
652,Archangel,Eighth of the nine orders of angels. Their duty is to minister to humans and deliver messages. They are warriors of Heaven and lead Heaven's forces during battle with the armies of evil.,AAAAAA==
653,Archangel,Eighth of the nine orders of angels. Their duty is to minister to humans and deliver messages. They are warriors of Heaven and lead Heaven's forces during battle with the armies of evil.,AAAAAA==
654,Agathion,A general term for familiars used by Judeo-Christian magicians, they are usually sealed away in bottles, rings, or talismans. They torment the target selected by the conjuror.,AAAAAA==
655,Agathion,A general term for familiars used by Judeo-Christian magicians, they are usually sealed away in bottles, rings, or talismans. They torment the target selected by the conjuror.,AAAAAA==
656,Succubus,A female demon of European lore in medieval times. They visit sleeping men and have sexual intercourse with them. The victims don't wake up but may dream of the encounter.,AAAAAA==
657,Mokoi,Evil spirits of Murngin lore believed to be reborn shadows. They kidnap and eat children, and strike down any sorcerer who uses black magic.,AAAAAA==
658,Mokoi,Evil spirits of Murngin lore believed to be reborn shadows. They kidnap and eat children, and strike down any sorcerer who uses black magic.,AAAAAA==
659,Archangel,Eighth of the nine orders of angels. Their duty is to minister to humans and deliver messages. They are warriors of Heaven and lead Heaven's forces during battle with the armies of evil.,AAAAAA==
660,Agathion,A general term for familiars used by Judeo-Christian magicians, they are usually sealed away in bottles, rings, or talismans. They torment the target selected by the conjuror.,AAAAAA==
661,Agathion,A general term for familiars used by Judeo-Christian magicians, they are usually sealed away in bottles, rings, or talismans. They torment the target selected by the conjuror.,AAAAAA==
662,Jack-o'-Lantern,A drunkard who tricked the Devil out of taking him to Hell. When refused entry to Heaven, he was forced to wander the earth with only an ember as a light.,AAAAAA==
663,Jack-o'-Lantern,A drunkard who tricked the Devil out of taking him to Hell. When refused entry to Heaven, he was forced to wander the earth with only an ember as a light.,AAAAAA==
664,Jack-o'-Lantern,A drunkard who tricked the Devil out of taking him to Hell. When refused entry to Heaven, he was forced to wander the earth with only an ember as a light.,AAAAAA==
665,Succubus,A female demon of European lore in medieval times. They visit sleeping men and have sexual intercourse with them. The victims don't wake up but may dream of the encounter.,AAAAAA==
666,Jack Frost,A winter fairy of European descent. He leaves ice patterns on windows and nips people's noses. Though normally an innocent creature, he will freeze his victims to death if provoked.,AAAAAA==
667,Jack-o'-Lantern,A drunkard who tricked the Devil out of taking him to Hell. When refused entry to Heaven, he was forced to wander the earth with only an ember as a light.,AAAAAA==
668,Jack-o'-Lantern,A drunkard who tricked the Devil out of taking him to Hell. When refused entry to Heaven, he was forced to wander the earth with only an ember as a light.,AAAAAA==
669,Eligor,One of the 72 demons of the Goetia. He looks like a knight and has the power to see things to come. He also knows much about war.,AAAAAA==
670,Bicorn,An evil creature with two curving horns from European folklore. It represents impurity, unlike the Unicorn. Said to be derived from Re'em in the Bible. Another legend says that it feeds off of loyal husbands.,AAAAAA==
671,Jack-o'-Lantern,A drunkard who tricked the Devil out of taking him to Hell. When refused entry to Heaven, he was forced to wander the earth with only an ember as a light.,AAAAAA==
672,Jack-o'-Lantern,A drunkard who tricked the Devil out of taking him to Hell. When refused entry to Heaven, he was forced to wander the earth with only an ember as a light.,AAAAAA==
673,Suzaku,One of the Ssu-Ling, celestial creatures of Chinese myth. It is a giant bird that is said to chirp in five beautiful voices. It represents the direction south, the season of summer, and the element of fire.,AAAAAA==
674,Izanagi,A Persona of another story.
One of the ancient gods who existed before Japan was formed.
He created the Oyashima from chaos, then gave birth to countless children and laid the foundation of soil and nature.,AAAAAA==
675,Unicorn,A legendary white horse with a single spiral horn. It can only be tamed by a pure maiden, and its horn supposedly has miraculous healing capabilities.,AAAAAA==
676,Unicorn,A legendary white horse with a single spiral horn. It can only be tamed by a pure maiden, and its horn supposedly has miraculous healing capabilities.,AAAAAA==
677,Lamia,A half-human, half-snake female monster of Greek myth, she was once the queen of Libya. Zeus's jealous wife, Hera, killed her children, causing her to go mad and transform into a monster.,AAAAAA==
678,Succubus,A female demon of European lore in medieval times. They visit sleeping men and have sexual intercourse with them. The victims don't wake up but may dream of the encounter.,AAAAAA==
679,Succubus,A female demon of European lore in medieval times. They visit sleeping men and have sexual intercourse with them. The victims don't wake up but may dream of the encounter.,AAAAAA==
680,Eligor,One of the 72 demons of the Goetia. He looks like a knight and has the power to see things to come. He also knows much about war.,AAAAAA==
681,Bicorn,An evil creature with two curving horns from European folklore. It represents impurity, unlike the Unicorn. Said to be derived from Re'em in the Bible. Another legend says that it feeds off of loyal husbands.,AAAAAA==
682,Bicorn,An evil creature with two curving horns from European folklore. It represents impurity, unlike the Unicorn. Said to be derived from Re'em in the Bible. Another legend says that it feeds off of loyal husbands.,AAAAAA==
683,Bicorn,An evil creature with two curving horns from European folklore. It represents impurity, unlike the Unicorn. Said to be derived from Re'em in the Bible. Another legend says that it feeds off of loyal husbands.,AAAAAA==
684,Bicorn,An evil creature with two curving horns from European folklore. It represents impurity, unlike the Unicorn. Said to be derived from Re'em in the Bible. Another legend says that it feeds off of loyal husbands.,AAAAAA==
685,Izanagi,A Persona of another story.
One of the ancient gods who existed before Japan was formed.
He created the Oyashima from chaos, then gave birth to countless children and laid the foundation of soil and nature.,AAAAAA==
686,Orthrus,The two-headed pet dog belonging to the giant Geryon of Greek myth. He guarded a herd of red oxen but was killed by Hercules during one of his twelve labors.,AAAAAA==
687,Agathion,A general term for familiars used by Judeo-Christian magicians, they are usually sealed away in bottles, rings, or talismans. They torment the target selected by the conjuror.,AAAAAA==
688,Agathion,A general term for familiars used by Judeo-Christian magicians, they are usually sealed away in bottles, rings, or talismans. They torment the target selected by the conjuror.,AAAAAA==
689,Suzaku,One of the Ssu-Ling, celestial creatures of Chinese myth. It is a giant bird that is said to chirp in five beautiful voices. It represents the direction south, the season of summer, and the element of fire.,AAAAAA==
690,Orthrus,The two-headed pet dog belonging to the giant Geryon of Greek myth. He guarded a herd of red oxen but was killed by Hercules during one of his twelve labors.,AAAAAA==
691,Orthrus,The two-headed pet dog belonging to the giant Geryon of Greek myth. He guarded a herd of red oxen but was killed by Hercules during one of his twelve labors.,AAAAAA==
692,Neko Shogun,A prophetic Taoist god, originally known as Mao Shogun. Due to a linguistic error involving the Chinese word for cat	 his name was changed to Neko Shogun.,AAAAAA==
693,Mokoi,Evil spirits of Murngin lore believed to be reborn shadows. They kidnap and eat children, and strike down any sorcerer who uses black magic.,AAAAAA==
694,Mokoi,Evil spirits of Murngin lore believed to be reborn shadows. They kidnap and eat children, and strike down any sorcerer who uses black magic.,AAAAAA==
695,Anubis,The jackal-headed god of the dead and embalming from Egyptian myth. He weighs the hearts of the dead to determine their final destination.,AAAAAA==
696,Archangel,Eighth of the nine orders of angels. Their duty is to minister to humans and deliver messages. They are warriors of Heaven and lead Heaven's forces during battle with the armies of evil.,AAAAAA==
697,Archangel,Eighth of the nine orders of angels. Their duty is to minister to humans and deliver messages. They are warriors of Heaven and lead Heaven's forces during battle with the armies of evil.,AAAAAA==
698,Lamia,A half-human, half-snake female monster of Greek myth, she was once the queen of Libya. Zeus's jealous wife, Hera, killed her children, causing her to go mad and transform into a monster.,AAAAAA==
699,Unicorn,A legendary white horse with a single spiral horn. It can only be tamed by a pure maiden, and its horn supposedly has miraculous healing capabilities.,AAAAAA==
700,Unicorn,A legendary white horse with a single spiral horn. It can only be tamed by a pure maiden, and its horn supposedly has miraculous healing capabilities.,AAAAAA==
701,Neko Shogun,A prophetic Taoist god, originally known as Mao Shogun. Due to a linguistic error involving the Chinese word for cat	 his name was changed to Neko Shogun.,AAAAAA==
702,Unicorn,A legendary white horse with a single spiral horn. It can only be tamed by a pure maiden, and its horn supposedly has miraculous healing capabilities.,AAAAAA==
703,Jack Frost,A winter fairy of European descent. He leaves ice patterns on windows and nips people's noses. Though normally an innocent creature, he will freeze his victims to death if provoked.,AAAAAA==
704,Jack Frost,A winter fairy of European descent. He leaves ice patterns on windows and nips people's noses. Though normally an innocent creature, he will freeze his victims to death if provoked.,AAAAAA==
705,Anubis,The jackal-headed god of the dead and embalming from Egyptian myth. He weighs the hearts of the dead to determine their final destination.,AAAAAA==
706,Orthrus,The two-headed pet dog belonging to the giant Geryon of Greek myth. He guarded a herd of red oxen but was killed by Hercules during one of his twelve labors.,AAAAAA==
707,Orthrus,The two-headed pet dog belonging to the giant Geryon of Greek myth. He guarded a herd of red oxen but was killed by Hercules during one of his twelve labors.,AAAAAA==
708,Oni,An evil monster from Japanese lore known for its hideous visage and brute strength. They loot and plunder villages, massacring the townspeople with their iron clubs. They have horns on their heads, red skin, long claws, and razor-sharp teeth.,AAAAAA==
709,Jatayu,The Hindu king of birds. In the Ramayana, he fought bravely against Ravana in an attempt to save Sita, Rama's wife and the seventh avatar of Vishnu, but lost.,AAAAAA==
710,Clotho,The youngest of the three Moirae Sisters of Greek legend. She spins the threads of life with her spindle.,AAAAAA==
711,Clotho,The youngest of the three Moirae Sisters of Greek legend. She spins the threads of life with her spindle.,AAAAAA==
712,Lilim,A demon who tempts sleeping men and attacks infants. She is the daughter of the demoness, Lilith. Like her mother, she drains men of their essence.,AAAAAA==
713,Lilim,A demon who tempts sleeping men and attacks infants. She is the daughter of the demoness, Lilith. Like her mother, she drains men of their essence.,AAAAAA==
714,Clotho,The youngest of the three Moirae Sisters of Greek legend. She spins the threads of life with her spindle.,AAAAAA==
715,Clotho,The youngest of the three Moirae Sisters of Greek legend. She spins the threads of life with her spindle.,AAAAAA==
716,Jatayu,The Hindu king of birds. In the Ramayana, he fought bravely against Ravana in an attempt to save Sita, Rama's wife and the seventh avatar of Vishnu, but lost.,AAAAAA==
717,Oni,An evil monster from Japanese lore known for its hideous visage and brute strength. They loot and plunder villages, massacring the townspeople with their iron clubs. They have horns on their heads, red skin, long claws, and razor-sharp teeth.,AAAAAA==
718,Isis,Osiris's wife as well as his younger sister. Upon the death of her husband, she revived him with her incredible magic power. Isis is seen at many gravesites as the guardian goddess of the dead.,AAAAAA==
719,Isis,Osiris's wife as well as his younger sister. Upon the death of her husband, she revived him with her incredible magic power. Isis is seen at many gravesites as the guardian goddess of the dead.,AAAAAA==
720,Pazuzu,The Babylonian lord of wind and scorching sands. He has the body of a man, a lion's head, the claws and wings of an eagle, and has a deadly poison. The diseases he spreads can only be cured with magic.,AAAAAA==
721,Pazuzu,The Babylonian lord of wind and scorching sands. He has the body of a man, a lion's head, the claws and wings of an eagle, and has a deadly poison. The diseases he spreads can only be cured with magic.,AAAAAA==
722,Thor,The Norse thunder god and son of Odin, Thor owns the power enhancing belt, Megingjard, and wields Mjolnir, a hammer that causes lightning to strike and returns to its owner if thrown.,AAAAAA==
723,Rangda,A wicked witch of Balinese lore, she represents evil and is Barong's eternal rival. Even if defeated, she will come back to life, and their battle will have no end.,AAAAAA==
724,Rangda,A wicked witch of Balinese lore, she represents evil and is Barong's eternal rival. Even if defeated, she will come back to life, and their battle will have no end.,AAAAAA==
725,Rangda,A wicked witch of Balinese lore, she represents evil and is Barong's eternal rival. Even if defeated, she will come back to life, and their battle will have no end.,AAAAAA==
726,Clotho,The youngest of the three Moirae Sisters of Greek legend. She spins the threads of life with her spindle.,AAAAAA==
727,Clotho,The youngest of the three Moirae Sisters of Greek legend. She spins the threads of life with her spindle.,AAAAAA==
728,Oberon,The king of the fairies and Titania's husband. He is quite old but, due to a curse, his looks are that of a young boy. He often flirts with human women, which sometimes earns him a scolding from his wife.,AAAAAA==
729,Horus,An ancient god of Egypt whose eyes are the sun and moon. Revered by some as the chief god, he is often depicted as a hawk or a falcon.,AAAAAA==
730,Pazuzu,The Babylonian lord of wind and scorching sands. He has the body of a man, a lion's head, the claws and wings of an eagle, and has a deadly poison. The diseases he spreads can only be cured with magic.,AAAAAA==
731,Isis,Osiris's wife as well as his younger sister. Upon the death of her husband, she revived him with her incredible magic power. Isis is seen at many gravesites as the guardian goddess of the dead.,AAAAAA==
732,Isis,Osiris's wife as well as his younger sister. Upon the death of her husband, she revived him with her incredible magic power. Isis is seen at many gravesites as the guardian goddess of the dead.,AAAAAA==
733,Moloch,A Canaanite god of fire. A bronze statue of a man with a bull's head stands at his altar. The statue was heated and sacrificial children were thrown inside.,AAAAAA==
734,Moloch,A Canaanite god of fire. A bronze statue of a man with a bull's head stands at his altar. The statue was heated and sacrificial children were thrown inside.,AAAAAA==
735,Horus,An ancient god of Egypt whose eyes are the sun and moon. Revered by some as the chief god, he is often depicted as a hawk or a falcon.,AAAAAA==
736,Moloch,A Canaanite god of fire. A bronze statue of a man with a bull's head stands at his altar. The statue was heated and sacrificial children were thrown inside.,AAAAAA==
737,Lilim,A demon who tempts sleeping men and attacks infants. She is the daughter of the demoness, Lilith. Like her mother, she drains men of their essence.,AAAAAA==
738,Lilim,A demon who tempts sleeping men and attacks infants. She is the daughter of the demoness, Lilith. Like her mother, she drains men of their essence.,AAAAAA==
739,Kurama Tengu,A type of tengu said to have lived on Mt. Kurama in Kyoto. The most powerful and well-known of the tengu, they have the power to fend off disease and bring good fortune.,AAAAAA==
740,Cu Chulainn,A hero in Celtic folklore. He was called Setanta until he earned the name, Culann's Hound." There are many tales of his adventures. He received his spear	 Gae Bolg	 from his mentor	 Scathach.	AAAAAA==
741	Cu Chulainn	A hero in Celtic folklore. He was called Setanta until he earned the name	 "Culann's Hound." There are many tales of his adventures. He received his spear	 Gae Bolg	 from his mentor	 Scathach.	AAAAAA==
742	King Frost	The king of snow who rules over an infinite number of Jack Frosts. He has the power to freeze the entire world	 but is unaware of it due to his naïve personality.	AAAAAA==
743	Cu Chulainn	A hero in Celtic folklore. He was called Setanta until he earned the name	 "Culann's Hound." There are many tales of his adventures. He received his spear	 Gae Bolg	 from his mentor	 Scathach.	AAAAAA==
744	Jatayu	The Hindu king of birds. In the Ramayana	 he fought bravely against Ravana in an attempt to save Sita	 Rama's wife and the seventh avatar of Vishnu	 but lost.	AAAAAA==
745	Jatayu	The Hindu king of birds. In the Ramayana	 he fought bravely against Ravana in an attempt to save Sita	 Rama's wife and the seventh avatar of Vishnu	 but lost.	AAAAAA==
746	Thor	The Norse thunder god and son of Odin	 Thor owns the power enhancing belt	 Megingjard	 and wields Mjolnir	 a hammer that causes lightning to strike and returns to its owner if thrown.	AAAAAA==
747	Pazuzu	The Babylonian lord of wind and scorching sands. He has the body of a man	 a lion's head	 the claws and wings of an eagle	 and has a deadly poison. The diseases he spreads can only be cured with magic.	AAAAAA==
748	Pazuzu	The Babylonian lord of wind and scorching sands. He has the body of a man	 a lion's head	 the claws and wings of an eagle	 and has a deadly poison. The diseases he spreads can only be cured with magic.	AAAAAA==
749	Kurama Tengu	A type of tengu said to have lived on Mt. Kurama in Kyoto. The most powerful and well-known of the tengu	 they have the power to fend off disease and bring good fortune.	AAAAAA==
750	Moloch	A Canaanite god of fire. A bronze statue of a man with a bull's head stands at his altar. The statue was heated and sacrificial children were thrown inside.	AAAAAA==
751	Moloch	A Canaanite god of fire. A bronze statue of a man with a bull's head stands at his altar. The statue was heated and sacrificial children were thrown inside.	AAAAAA==
752	King Frost	The king of snow who rules over an infinite number of Jack Frosts. He has the power to freeze the entire world	 but is unaware of it due to his naïve personality.	AAAAAA==
753	Cu Chulainn	A hero in Celtic folklore. He was called Setanta until he earned the name	 "Culann's Hound." There are many tales of his adventures. He received his spear	 Gae Bolg	 from his mentor	 Scathach.	AAAAAA==
754	Cu Chulainn	A hero in Celtic folklore. He was called Setanta until he earned the name	 "Culann's Hound." There are many tales of his adventures. He received his spear	 Gae Bolg	 from his mentor	 Scathach.	AAAAAA==
755	Oberon	The king of the fairies and Titania's husband. He is quite old but	 due to a curse	 his looks are that of a young boy. He often flirts with human women	 which sometimes earns him a scolding from his wife.	AAAAAA==
756	Rangda	A wicked witch of Balinese lore	 she represents evil and is Barong's eternal rival. Even if defeated	 she will come back to life	 and their battle will have no end.	AAAAAA==
757	Rangda	A wicked witch of Balinese lore	 she represents evil and is Barong's eternal rival. Even if defeated	 she will come back to life	 and their battle will have no end.	AAAAAA==
758	Clotho	The youngest of the three Moirae Sisters of Greek legend. She spins the threads of life with her spindle.	AAAAAA==
759	Clotho	The youngest of the three Moirae Sisters of Greek legend. She spins the threads of life with her spindle.	AAAAAA==
760	Jatayu	The Hindu king of birds. In the Ramayana	 he fought bravely against Ravana in an attempt to save Sita	 Rama's wife and the seventh avatar of Vishnu	 but lost.	AAAAAA==
761	Oni	An evil monster from Japanese lore known for its hideous visage and brute strength. They loot and plunder villages	 massacring the townspeople with their iron clubs. They have horns on their heads	 red skin	 long claws	 and razor-sharp teeth.	AAAAAA==
762	Isis	Osiris's wife as well as his younger sister. Upon the death of her husband	 she revived him with her incredible magic power. Isis is seen at many gravesites as the guardian goddess of the dead.	AAAAAA==
763	Isis	Osiris's wife as well as his younger sister. Upon the death of her husband	 she revived him with her incredible magic power. Isis is seen at many gravesites as the guardian goddess of the dead.	AAAAAA==
764	Oni	An evil monster from Japanese lore known for its hideous visage and brute strength. They loot and plunder villages	 massacring the townspeople with their iron clubs. They have horns on their heads	 red skin	 long claws	 and razor-sharp teeth.	AAAAAA==
765	Jatayu	The Hindu king of birds. In the Ramayana	 he fought bravely against Ravana in an attempt to save Sita	 Rama's wife and the seventh avatar of Vishnu	 but lost.	AAAAAA==
766	Clotho	The youngest of the three Moirae Sisters of Greek legend. She spins the threads of life with her spindle.	AAAAAA==
767	Clotho	The youngest of the three Moirae Sisters of Greek legend. She spins the threads of life with her spindle.	AAAAAA==
768	Lilim	A demon who tempts sleeping men and attacks infants. She is the daughter of the demoness	 Lilith. Like her mother	 she drains men of their essence.	AAAAAA==
769	Lilim	A demon who tempts sleeping men and attacks infants. She is the daughter of the demoness	 Lilith. Like her mother	 she drains men of their essence.	AAAAAA==
770	Pazuzu	The Babylonian lord of wind and scorching sands. He has the body of a man	 a lion's head	 the claws and wings of an eagle	 and has a deadly poison. The diseases he spreads can only be cured with magic.	AAAAAA==
771	Pazuzu	The Babylonian lord of wind and scorching sands. He has the body of a man	 a lion's head	 the claws and wings of an eagle	 and has a deadly poison. The diseases he spreads can only be cured with magic.	AAAAAA==
772	Thor	The Norse thunder god and son of Odin	 Thor owns the power enhancing belt	 Megingjard	 and wields Mjolnir	 a hammer that causes lightning to strike and returns to its owner if thrown.	AAAAAA==
773	Rangda	A wicked witch of Balinese lore	 she represents evil and is Barong's eternal rival. Even if defeated	 she will come back to life	 and their battle will have no end.	AAAAAA==
774	Rangda	A wicked witch of Balinese lore	 she represents evil and is Barong's eternal rival. Even if defeated	 she will come back to life	 and their battle will have no end.	AAAAAA==
775	King Frost	The king of snow who rules over an infinite number of Jack Frosts. He has the power to freeze the entire world	 but is unaware of it due to his naïve personality.	AAAAAA==
776	Cu Chulainn	A hero in Celtic folklore. He was called Setanta until he earned the name	 "Culann's Hound." There are many tales of his adventures. He received his spear	 Gae Bolg	 from his mentor	 Scathach.	AAAAAA==
777	Jatayu	The Hindu king of birds. In the Ramayana	 he fought bravely against Ravana in an attempt to save Sita	 Rama's wife and the seventh avatar of Vishnu	 but lost.	AAAAAA==
778	Jatayu	The Hindu king of birds. In the Ramayana	 he fought bravely against Ravana in an attempt to save Sita	 Rama's wife and the seventh avatar of Vishnu	 but lost.	AAAAAA==
779	Thor	The Norse thunder god and son of Odin	 Thor owns the power enhancing belt	 Megingjard	 and wields Mjolnir	 a hammer that causes lightning to strike and returns to its owner if thrown.	AAAAAA==
780	Pazuzu	The Babylonian lord of wind and scorching sands. He has the body of a man	 a lion's head	 the claws and wings of an eagle	 and has a deadly poison. The diseases he spreads can only be cured with magic.	AAAAAA==
781	Pazuzu	The Babylonian lord of wind and scorching sands. He has the body of a man	 a lion's head	 the claws and wings of an eagle	 and has a deadly poison. The diseases he spreads can only be cured with magic.	AAAAAA==
782	Rangda	A wicked witch of Balinese lore	 she represents evil and is Barong's eternal rival. Even if defeated	 she will come back to life	 and their battle will have no end.	AAAAAA==
783	Clotho	The youngest of the three Moirae Sisters of Greek legend. She spins the threads of life with her spindle.	AAAAAA==
784	Clotho	The youngest of the three Moirae Sisters of Greek legend. She spins the threads of life with her spindle.	AAAAAA==
785	Oberon	The king of the fairies and Titania's husband. He is quite old but	 due to a curse	 his looks are that of a young boy. He often flirts with human women	 which sometimes earns him a scolding from his wife.	AAAAAA==
786	Horus	An ancient god of Egypt whose eyes are the sun and moon. Revered by some as the chief god	 he is often depicted as a hawk or a falcon.	AAAAAA==
787	Kurama Tengu	A type of tengu said to have lived on Mt. Kurama in Kyoto. The most powerful and well-known of the tengu	 they have the power to fend off disease and bring good fortune.	AAAAAA==
788	Moloch	A Canaanite god of fire. A bronze statue of a man with a bull's head stands at his altar. The statue was heated and sacrificial children were thrown inside.	AAAAAA==
789	Moloch	A Canaanite god of fire. A bronze statue of a man with a bull's head stands at his altar. The statue was heated and sacrificial children were thrown inside.	AAAAAA==
790	King Frost	The king of snow who rules over an infinite number of Jack Frosts. He has the power to freeze the entire world	 but is unaware of it due to his naïve personality.	AAAAAA==
791	Cu Chulainn	A hero in Celtic folklore. He was called Setanta until he earned the name	 "Culann's Hound." There are many tales of his adventures. He received his spear	 Gae Bolg	 from his mentor	 Scathach.	AAAAAA==
792	Cu Chulainn	A hero in Celtic folklore. He was called Setanta until he earned the name	 "Culann's Hound." There are many tales of his adventures. He received his spear	 Gae Bolg	 from his mentor	 Scathach.	AAAAAA==
793	Oberon	The king of the fairies and Titania's husband. He is quite old but	 due to a curse	 his looks are that of a young boy. He often flirts with human women	 which sometimes earns him a scolding from his wife.	AAAAAA==
794	Rangda	A wicked witch of Balinese lore	 she represents evil and is Barong's eternal rival. Even if defeated	 she will come back to life	 and their battle will have no end.	AAAAAA==
795	Rangda	A wicked witch of Balinese lore	 she represents evil and is Barong's eternal rival. Even if defeated	 she will come back to life	 and their battle will have no end.	AAAAAA==
796	Pazuzu	The Babylonian lord of wind and scorching sands. He has the body of a man	 a lion's head	 the claws and wings of an eagle	 and has a deadly poison. The diseases he spreads can only be cured with magic.	AAAAAA==
797	Isis	Osiris's wife as well as his younger sister. Upon the death of her husband	 she revived him with her incredible magic power. Isis is seen at many gravesites as the guardian goddess of the dead.	AAAAAA==
798	Isis	Osiris's wife as well as his younger sister. Upon the death of her husband	 she revived him with her incredible magic power. Isis is seen at many gravesites as the guardian goddess of the dead.	AAAAAA==
799	Moloch	A Canaanite god of fire. A bronze statue of a man with a bull's head stands at his altar. The statue was heated and sacrificial children were thrown inside.	AAAAAA==
800	Moloch	A Canaanite god of fire. A bronze statue of a man with a bull's head stands at his altar. The statue was heated and sacrificial children were thrown inside.	AAAAAA==
801	Horus	An ancient god of Egypt whose eyes are the sun and moon. Revered by some as the chief god	 he is often depicted as a hawk or a falcon.	AAAAAA==
802	Moloch	A Canaanite god of fire. A bronze statue of a man with a bull's head stands at his altar. The statue was heated and sacrificial children were thrown inside.	AAAAAA==
803	Lilim	A demon who tempts sleeping men and attacks infants. She is the daughter of the demoness	 Lilith. Like her mother	 she drains men of their essence.	AAAAAA==
804	Lilim	A demon who tempts sleeping men and attacks infants. She is the daughter of the demoness	 Lilith. Like her mother	 she drains men of their essence.	AAAAAA==
805	Kurama Tengu	A type of tengu said to have lived on Mt. Kurama in Kyoto. The most powerful and well-known of the tengu	 they have the power to fend off disease and bring good fortune.	AAAAAA==
806	Cu Chulainn	A hero in Celtic folklore. He was called Setanta until he earned the name	 "Culann's Hound." There are many tales of his adventures. He received his spear	 Gae Bolg	 from his mentor	 Scathach.	AAAAAA==
807	Cu Chulainn	A hero in Celtic folklore. He was called Setanta until he earned the name	 "Culann's Hound." There are many tales of his adventures. He received his spear	 Gae Bolg	 from his mentor	 Scathach.	AAAAAA==
808	Okuninushi	A Kunitsu deity in Japanese mythology that governs agriculture and medicine. He's said to have built the country of Izumo with Susano-o's daughter	 Suseri-Hime.	AAAAAA==
809	Byakko	One of the Ssu-Ling	 celestial creatures of Chinese myth. It represents the direction west	 the season of autumn	 and the element of metal. He is believed to be the king of all beasts.	AAAAAA==
810	Byakko	One of the Ssu-Ling	 celestial creatures of Chinese myth. It represents the direction west	 the season of autumn	 and the element of metal. He is believed to be the king of all beasts.	AAAAAA==
811	Black Frost	A Jack Frost that yearned for evil. This powerful demon is born when a cute Jack Frost remembers its demonic nature.	AAAAAA==
812	Parvati	A beautiful Hindu goddess of love and one of Shiva's wives. Always by his side	 she played a role in opening his third eye. She can turn into Durga or Kali when angered.	AAAAAA==
813	Parvati	A beautiful Hindu goddess of love and one of Shiva's wives. Always by his side	 she played a role in opening his third eye. She can turn into Durga or Kali when angered.	AAAAAA==
814	Sarasvati	The Hindu goddess of rivers	 and patron of speech	 writing	 learning	 the arts	 and sciences. Brahma is her husband.	AAAAAA==
815	Sarasvati	The Hindu goddess of rivers	 and patron of speech	 writing	 learning	 the arts	 and sciences. Brahma is her husband.	AAAAAA==
816	Black Frost	A Jack Frost that yearned for evil. This powerful demon is born when a cute Jack Frost remembers its demonic nature.	AAAAAA==
817	Okuninushi	A Kunitsu deity in Japanese mythology that governs agriculture and medicine. He's said to have built the country of Izumo with Susano-o's daughter	 Suseri-Hime.	AAAAAA==
818	Titania	The queen of the fairies and Oberon's wife. She is derived from the Roman goddess Diana. She was later immortalized in Shakespeare's play "A Midsummer Night's Dream."	AAAAAA==
819	Titania	The queen of the fairies and Oberon's wife. She is derived from the Roman goddess Diana. She was later immortalized in Shakespeare's play "A Midsummer Night's Dream."	AAAAAA==
820	Gabriel	One of the four major archangels. She is also the only female angel at this rank. Her name comes from the Sumerian word for "governor." She is the angel who told Mary of her pregnancy.	AAAAAA==
821	Lakshmi	The Hindu goddess of beauty and good fortune	 Vishnu's wife	 and Kama's mother. She is the goddess of love	 believed to have been born from an ocean of milk.	AAAAAA==
822	Titania	The queen of the fairies and Oberon's wife. She is derived from the Roman goddess Diana. She was later immortalized in Shakespeare's play "A Midsummer Night's Dream."	AAAAAA==
823	Titania	The queen of the fairies and Oberon's wife. She is derived from the Roman goddess Diana. She was later immortalized in Shakespeare's play "A Midsummer Night's Dream."	AAAAAA==
824	Alice	A mysterious blond girl. She is quite powerful	 despite her looks. Some say she is the ghost of a girl who died a sad death. Others say she is a spirit born from someone's imagination.	AAAAAA==
825	Lakshmi	The Hindu goddess of beauty and good fortune	 Vishnu's wife	 and Kama's mother. She is the goddess of love	 believed to have been born from an ocean of milk.	AAAAAA==
826	Lakshmi	The Hindu goddess of beauty and good fortune	 Vishnu's wife	 and Kama's mother. She is the goddess of love	 believed to have been born from an ocean of milk.	AAAAAA==
827	Asterius	No Details	AAAAAA==
828	Yoshitsune	A Japanese general of the Genpei War near the end of the Heian era and start of the Kamakura era. His bold ingenuity and ruthless skill with a blade are still praised in Japan today.	AAAAAA==
829	Parvati	A beautiful Hindu goddess of love and one of Shiva's wives. Always by his side	 she played a role in opening his third eye. She can turn into Durga or Kali when angered.	AAAAAA==
830	Parvati	A beautiful Hindu goddess of love and one of Shiva's wives. Always by his side	 she played a role in opening his third eye. She can turn into Durga or Kali when angered.	AAAAAA==
831	Dominion	The fourth of the nine orders of angels. Their duty is to oversee the other angels. Their actions are the manifestation of God's will.	AAAAAA==
832	Michael	One of the four major archangels	 he is at the top of the angelic hierarchy. He carries a long spear that can cut through anything	 and his name means "one who is like God."	AAAAAA==
833	Michael	One of the four major archangels	 he is at the top of the angelic hierarchy. He carries a long spear that can cut through anything	 and his name means "one who is like God."	AAAAAA==
834	Sandalphon	Metatron's twin brother in Judeo-Christian lore	 he is the master of heavenly songs. It is said that a human would take 500 years to walk the length of his body.	AAAAAA==
835	Michael	One of the four major archangels	 he is at the top of the angelic hierarchy. He carries a long spear that can cut through anything	 and his name means "one who is like God."	AAAAAA==
836	Black Frost	A Jack Frost that yearned for evil. This powerful demon is born when a cute Jack Frost remembers its demonic nature.	AAAAAA==
837	Black Frost	A Jack Frost that yearned for evil. This powerful demon is born when a cute Jack Frost remembers its demonic nature.	AAAAAA==
838	Kohryu	Known as the Gold Dragon	 it reigns over the Ssu-Ling	 celestial creatures of Chinese lore. It is located at the center of the four beasts.	AAAAAA==
839	Yoshitsune	A Japanese general of the Genpei War near the end of the Heian era and start of the Kamakura era. His bold ingenuity and ruthless skill with a blade are still praised in Japan today.	AAAAAA==
840	Yoshitsune	A Japanese general of the Genpei War near the end of the Heian era and start of the Kamakura era. His bold ingenuity and ruthless skill with a blade are still praised in Japan today.	AAAAAA==
841	Kohryu	Known as the Gold Dragon	 it reigns over the Ssu-Ling	 celestial creatures of Chinese lore. It is located at the center of the four beasts.	AAAAAA==
842	Michael	One of the four major archangels	 he is at the top of the angelic hierarchy. He carries a long spear that can cut through anything	 and his name means "one who is like God."	AAAAAA==
843	Michael	One of the four major archangels	 he is at the top of the angelic hierarchy. He carries a long spear that can cut through anything	 and his name means "one who is like God."	AAAAAA==
844	Gabriel	One of the four major archangels. She is also the only female angel at this rank. Her name comes from the Sumerian word for "governor." She is the angel who told Mary of her pregnancy.	AAAAAA==
845	Okuninushi	A Kunitsu deity in Japanese mythology that governs agriculture and medicine. He's said to have built the country of Izumo with Susano-o's daughter	 Suseri-Hime.	AAAAAA==
846	Okuninushi	A Kunitsu deity in Japanese mythology that governs agriculture and medicine. He's said to have built the country of Izumo with Susano-o's daughter	 Suseri-Hime.	AAAAAA==
847	Dominion	The fourth of the nine orders of angels. Their duty is to oversee the other angels. Their actions are the manifestation of God's will.	AAAAAA==
848	Lakshmi	The Hindu goddess of beauty and good fortune	 Vishnu's wife	 and Kama's mother. She is the goddess of love	 believed to have been born from an ocean of milk.	AAAAAA==
849	Lakshmi	The Hindu goddess of beauty and good fortune	 Vishnu's wife	 and Kama's mother. She is the goddess of love	 believed to have been born from an ocean of milk.	AAAAAA==
850	Sandalphon	Metatron's twin brother in Judeo-Christian lore	 he is the master of heavenly songs. It is said that a human would take 500 years to walk the length of his body.	AAAAAA==
851	Yoshitsune	A Japanese general of the Genpei War near the end of the Heian era and start of the Kamakura era. His bold ingenuity and ruthless skill with a blade are still praised in Japan today.	AAAAAA==
852	Yoshitsune	A Japanese general of the Genpei War near the end of the Heian era and start of the Kamakura era. His bold ingenuity and ruthless skill with a blade are still praised in Japan today.	AAAAAA==
853	Alice	A mysterious blond girl. She is quite powerful	 despite her looks. Some say she is the ghost of a girl who died a sad death. Others say she is a spirit born from someone's imagination.	AAAAAA==
854	Sarasvati	The Hindu goddess of rivers	 and patron of speech	 writing	 learning	 the arts	 and sciences. Brahma is her husband.	AAAAAA==
855	Sarasvati	The Hindu goddess of rivers	 and patron of speech	 writing	 learning	 the arts	 and sciences. Brahma is her husband.	AAAAAA==
856	Asterius	No Details	AAAAAA==
857	Byakko	One of the Ssu-Ling	 celestial creatures of Chinese myth. It represents the direction west	 the season of autumn	 and the element of metal. He is believed to be the king of all beasts.	AAAAAA==
858	Byakko	One of the Ssu-Ling	 celestial creatures of Chinese myth. It represents the direction west	 the season of autumn	 and the element of metal. He is believed to be the king of all beasts.	AAAAAA==
859	Sarasvati	The Hindu goddess of rivers	 and patron of speech	 writing	 learning	 the arts	 and sciences. Brahma is her husband.	AAAAAA==
860	Sarasvati	The Hindu goddess of rivers	 and patron of speech	 writing	 learning	 the arts	 and sciences. Brahma is her husband.	AAAAAA==
861	Black Frost	A Jack Frost that yearned for evil. This powerful demon is born when a cute Jack Frost remembers its demonic nature.	AAAAAA==
862	Okuninushi	A Kunitsu deity in Japanese mythology that governs agriculture and medicine. He's said to have built the country of Izumo with Susano-o's daughter	 Suseri-Hime.	AAAAAA==
863	Titania	The queen of the fairies and Oberon's wife. She is derived from the Roman goddess Diana. She was later immortalized in Shakespeare's play "A Midsummer Night's Dream."	AAAAAA==
864	Titania	The queen of the fairies and Oberon's wife. She is derived from the Roman goddess Diana. She was later immortalized in Shakespeare's play "A Midsummer Night's Dream."	AAAAAA==
865	Lakshmi	The Hindu goddess of beauty and good fortune	 Vishnu's wife	 and Kama's mother. She is the goddess of love	 believed to have been born from an ocean of milk.	AAAAAA==
866	Lakshmi	The Hindu goddess of beauty and good fortune	 Vishnu's wife	 and Kama's mother. She is the goddess of love	 believed to have been born from an ocean of milk.	AAAAAA==
867	Asterius	No Details	AAAAAA==
868	Yoshitsune	A Japanese general of the Genpei War near the end of the Heian era and start of the Kamakura era. His bold ingenuity and ruthless skill with a blade are still praised in Japan today.	AAAAAA==
869	Parvati	A beautiful Hindu goddess of love and one of Shiva's wives. Always by his side	 she played a role in opening his third eye. She can turn into Durga or Kali when angered.	AAAAAA==
870	Parvati	A beautiful Hindu goddess of love and one of Shiva's wives. Always by his side	 she played a role in opening his third eye. She can turn into Durga or Kali when angered.	AAAAAA==
871	Okuninushi	A Kunitsu deity in Japanese mythology that governs agriculture and medicine. He's said to have built the country of Izumo with Susano-o's daughter	 Suseri-Hime.	AAAAAA==
872	Byakko	One of the Ssu-Ling	 celestial creatures of Chinese myth. It represents the direction west	 the season of autumn	 and the element of metal. He is believed to be the king of all beasts.	AAAAAA==
873	Byakko	One of the Ssu-Ling	 celestial creatures of Chinese myth. It represents the direction west	 the season of autumn	 and the element of metal. He is believed to be the king of all beasts.	AAAAAA==
874	Black Frost	A Jack Frost that yearned for evil. This powerful demon is born when a cute Jack Frost remembers its demonic nature.	AAAAAA==
875	Parvati	A beautiful Hindu goddess of love and one of Shiva's wives. Always by his side	 she played a role in opening his third eye. She can turn into Durga or Kali when angered.	AAAAAA==
876	Parvati	A beautiful Hindu goddess of love and one of Shiva's wives. Always by his side	 she played a role in opening his third eye. She can turn into Durga or Kali when angered.	AAAAAA==
877	Gabriel	One of the four major archangels. She is also the only female angel at this rank. Her name comes from the Sumerian word for "governor." She is the angel who told Mary of her pregnancy.	AAAAAA==
878	Lakshmi	The Hindu goddess of beauty and good fortune	 Vishnu's wife	 and Kama's mother. She is the goddess of love	 believed to have been born from an ocean of milk.	AAAAAA==
879	Titania	The queen of the fairies and Oberon's wife. She is derived from the Roman goddess Diana. She was later immortalized in Shakespeare's play "A Midsummer Night's Dream."	AAAAAA==
880	Titania	The queen of the fairies and Oberon's wife. She is derived from the Roman goddess Diana. She was later immortalized in Shakespeare's play "A Midsummer Night's Dream."	AAAAAA==
881	Alice	A mysterious blond girl. She is quite powerful	 despite her looks. Some say she is the ghost of a girl who died a sad death. Others say she is a spirit born from someone's imagination.	AAAAAA==
882	Kohryu	Known as the Gold Dragon	 it reigns over the Ssu-Ling	 celestial creatures of Chinese lore. It is located at the center of the four beasts.	AAAAAA==
883	Michael	One of the four major archangels	 he is at the top of the angelic hierarchy. He carries a long spear that can cut through anything	 and his name means "one who is like God."	AAAAAA==
884	Michael	One of the four major archangels	 he is at the top of the angelic hierarchy. He carries a long spear that can cut through anything	 and his name means "one who is like God."	AAAAAA==
885	Gabriel	One of the four major archangels. She is also the only female angel at this rank. Her name comes from the Sumerian word for "governor." She is the angel who told Mary of her pregnancy.	AAAAAA==
886	Okuninushi	A Kunitsu deity in Japanese mythology that governs agriculture and medicine. He's said to have built the country of Izumo with Susano-o's daughter	 Suseri-Hime.	AAAAAA==
887	Okuninushi	A Kunitsu deity in Japanese mythology that governs agriculture and medicine. He's said to have built the country of Izumo with Susano-o's daughter	 Suseri-Hime.	AAAAAA==
888	Dominion	The fourth of the nine orders of angels. Their duty is to oversee the other angels. Their actions are the manifestation of God's will.	AAAAAA==
889	Lakshmi	The Hindu goddess of beauty and good fortune	 Vishnu's wife	 and Kama's mother. She is the goddess of love	 believed to have been born from an ocean of milk.	AAAAAA==
890	Lakshmi	The Hindu goddess of beauty and good fortune	 Vishnu's wife	 and Kama's mother. She is the goddess of love	 believed to have been born from an ocean of milk.	AAAAAA==
891	Sandalphon	Metatron's twin brother in Judeo-Christian lore	 he is the master of heavenly songs. It is said that a human would take 500 years to walk the length of his body.	AAAAAA==
892	Yoshitsune	A Japanese general of the Genpei War near the end of the Heian era and start of the Kamakura era. His bold ingenuity and ruthless skill with a blade are still praised in Japan today.	AAAAAA==
893	Yoshitsune	A Japanese general of the Genpei War near the end of the Heian era and start of the Kamakura era. His bold ingenuity and ruthless skill with a blade are still praised in Japan today.	AAAAAA==
894	Alice	A mysterious blond girl. She is quite powerful	 despite her looks. Some say she is the ghost of a girl who died a sad death. Others say she is a spirit born from someone's imagination.	AAAAAA==
895	Sarasvati	The Hindu goddess of rivers	 and patron of speech	 writing	 learning	 the arts	 and sciences. Brahma is her husband.	AAAAAA==
896	Sarasvati	The Hindu goddess of rivers	 and patron of speech	 writing	 learning	 the arts	 and sciences. Brahma is her husband.	AAAAAA==
897	Asterius	No Details	AAAAAA==
898	Byakko	One of the Ssu-Ling	 celestial creatures of Chinese myth. It represents the direction west	 the season of autumn	 and the element of metal. He is believed to be the king of all beasts.	AAAAAA==
899	Byakko	One of the Ssu-Ling	 celestial creatures of Chinese myth. It represents the direction west	 the season of autumn	 and the element of metal. He is believed to be the king of all beasts.	AAAAAA==
900	Michael	One of the four major archangels	 he is at the top of the angelic hierarchy. He carries a long spear that can cut through anything	 and his name means "one who is like God."	AAAAAA==
901	Black Frost	A Jack Frost that yearned for evil. This powerful demon is born when a cute Jack Frost remembers its demonic nature.	AAAAAA==
902	Black Frost	A Jack Frost that yearned for evil. This powerful demon is born when a cute Jack Frost remembers its nature as a demon.	AAAAAA==
903	Kohryu	Known as the Gold Dragon	 it reigns over the Ssu-Ling	 celestial creatures of Chinese lore. It is located at the center of the four beasts.	AAAAAA==
904	Yoshitsune	A Japanese general of the Genpei War near the end of the Heian era and start of the Kamakura era. His bold ingenuity and ruthless skill with a blade are still praised in Japan today.	AAAAAA==
905	Yoshitsune	A Japanese general of the Genpei War near the end of the Heian era and start of the Kamakura era. His bold ingenuity and ruthless skill with a blade are still praised in Japan today.	AAAAAA==
906	Dominion	The fourth of the nine orders of angels. Their duty is to oversee the other angels. Their actions are the manifestation of God's will.	AAAAAA==
907	Michael	One of the four major archangels	 he is at the top of the angelic hierarchy. He carries a long spear that can cut through anything	 and his name means "one who is like God."	AAAAAA==
908	Michael	One of the four major archangels	 he is at the top of the angelic hierarchy. He carries a long spear that can cut through anything	 and his name means "one who is like God."	AAAAAA==
909	Sandalphon	Metatron's twin brother in Judeo-Christian lore	 he is the master of heavenly songs. It is said that a human would take 500 years to walk the length of his body.	AAAAAA==
910	Novice Frost	A winter fairy of European descent. He leaves ice patterns on windows and nips people's noses. Though normally an innocent creature	 he will freeze his victims to death if provoked.	AAAAAA==
911	Jack-o'-Lantern	A drunkard who tricked the Devil out of taking him to Hell. When refused entry to Heaven	 he was forced to wander the earth with only an ember as a light.	AAAAAA==
912	Jack-o'-Lantern	A drunkard who tricked the Devil out of taking him to Hell. When refused entry to Heaven	 he was forced to wander the earth with only an ember as a light.	AAAAAA==
913	Succubus	A female demon of European lore in medieval times. They visit sleeping men and have sexual intercourse with them. The victims don't wake up but may dream of the encounter.	AAAAAA==
914	Jack-o'-Lantern	A drunkard who tricked the Devil out of taking him to Hell. When refused entry to Heaven	 he was forced to wander the earth with only an ember as a light.	AAAAAA==
915	Jack-o'-Lantern	A drunkard who tricked the Devil out of taking him to Hell. When refused entry to Heaven	 he was forced to wander the earth with only an ember as a light.	AAAAAA==
916	Eligor	One of the 72 demons of the Goetia. He looks like a knight and has the power to see things to come. He also knows much about war.	AAAAAA==
917	Bicorn	An evil creature with two curving horns from European folklore. It represents impurity	 unlike the Unicorn. Said to be derived from Re'em in the Bible. Another legend says that it feeds off of loyal husbands.	AAAAAA==
918	Bicorn	An evil creature with two curving horns from European folklore. It represents impurity	 unlike the Unicorn. Said to be derived from Re'em in the Bible. Another legend says that it feeds off of loyal husbands.	AAAAAA==
919	Anubis	The jackal-headed god of the dead and embalming from Egyptian myth. He weighs the hearts of the dead to determine their final destination.	AAAAAA==
920	Raga	-	AAAAAA==
921	Thor	The Norse thunder god and son of Odin	 Thor owns the power enhancing belt	 Megingjard	 and wields Mjolnir	 a hammer that causes lightning to strike and returns to its owner if thrown.	AAAAAA==
922	Kurama Tengu	A type of tengu said to have lived on Mt. Kurama in Kyoto. The most powerful and well-known of the tengu	 they have the power to fend off disease and bring good fortune.	AAAAAA==
923	Kurama Tengu	A type of tengu said to have lived on Mt. Kurama in Kyoto. The most powerful and well-known of the tengu	 they have the power to fend off disease and bring good fortune.	AAAAAA==
924	Dvesha	-	AAAAAA==
925	Oni	An evil monster from Japanese lore known for its hideous visage and brute strength. They loot and plunder villages	 massacring the townspeople with their iron clubs. They have horns on their heads	 red skin	 long claws	 and razor-sharp teeth.	AAAAAA==
926	Oni	An evil monster from Japanese lore known for its hideous visage and brute strength. They loot and plunder villages	 massacring the townspeople with their iron clubs. They have horns on their heads	 red skin	 long claws	 and razor-sharp teeth.	AAAAAA==
927	Moha	-	AAAAAA==
1001	Jack-o'-Lantern	A drunkard who tricked the Devil out of taking him to Hell. When refused entry to Heaven	 he was forced to wander the earth with only an ember as a light.	AAAAAA==
1002	Jack-o'-Lantern	A drunkard who tricked the Devil out of taking him to Hell. When refused entry to Heaven	 he was forced to wander the earth with only an ember as a light.	AAAAAA==
1003	Jack-o'-Lantern	A drunkard who tricked the Devil out of taking him to Hell. When refused entry to Heaven	 he was forced to wander the earth with only an ember as a light.	AAAAAA==
1004	Succubus	A female demon of European lore in medieval times. They visit sleeping men and have sexual intercourse with them. The victims don't wake up but may dream of the encounter.	AAAAAA==
1005	Jack-o'-Lantern	A drunkard who tricked the Devil out of taking him to Hell. When refused entry to Heaven	 he was forced to wander the earth with only an ember as a light.	AAAAAA==
1006	Succubus	A female demon of European lore in medieval times. They visit sleeping men and have sexual intercourse with them. The victims don't wake up but may dream of the encounter.	AAAAAA==
1007	Jack-o'-Lantern	A drunkard who tricked the Devil out of taking him to Hell. When refused entry to Heaven	 he was forced to wander the earth with only an ember as a light.	AAAAAA==
1008	Succubus	A female demon of European lore in medieval times. They visit sleeping men and have sexual intercourse with them. The victims don't wake up but may dream of the encounter.	AAAAAA==
1009	Succubus	A female demon of European lore in medieval times. They visit sleeping men and have sexual intercourse with them. The victims don't wake up but may dream of the encounter.	AAAAAA==
1010	Jack-o'-Lantern	A drunkard who tricked the Devil out of taking him to Hell. When refused entry to Heaven	 he was forced to wander the earth with only an ember as a light.	AAAAAA==
1011	Bicorn	An evil creature with two curving horns from European folklore. It represents impurity	 unlike the Unicorn. Said to be derived from Re'em in the Bible. Another legend says that it feeds off of loyal husbands.	AAAAAA==
1012	Jack-o'-Lantern	A drunkard who tricked the Devil out of taking him to Hell. When refused entry to Heaven	 he was forced to wander the earth with only an ember as a light.	AAAAAA==
1013	Succubus	A female demon of European lore in medieval times. They visit sleeping men and have sexual intercourse with them. The victims don't wake up but may dream of the encounter.	AAAAAA==
1014	Bicorn	An evil creature with two curving horns from European folklore. It represents impurity	 unlike the Unicorn. Said to be derived from Re'em in the Bible. Another legend says that it feeds off of loyal husbands.	AAAAAA==
1015	Eligor	One of the 72 demons of the Goetia. He looks like a knight and has the power to see things to come. He also knows much about war.	AAAAAA==
1016	Bicorn	An evil creature with two curving horns from European folklore. It represents impurity	 unlike the Unicorn. Said to be derived from Re'em in the Bible. Another legend says that it feeds off of loyal husbands.	AAAAAA==
1017	Bicorn	An evil creature with two curving horns from European folklore. It represents impurity	 unlike the Unicorn. Said to be derived from Re'em in the Bible. Another legend says that it feeds off of loyal husbands.	AAAAAA==
1018	Succubus	A female demon of European lore in medieval times. They visit sleeping men and have sexual intercourse with them. The victims don't wake up but may dream of the encounter.	AAAAAA==
1019	Bicorn	An evil creature with two curving horns from European folklore. It represents impurity	 unlike the Unicorn. Said to be derived from Re'em in the Bible. Another legend says that it feeds off of loyal husbands.	AAAAAA==
1020	Bicorn	An evil creature with two curving horns from European folklore. It represents impurity	 unlike the Unicorn. Said to be derived from Re'em in the Bible. Another legend says that it feeds off of loyal husbands.	AAAAAA==
1101	Lakshmi	The Hindu goddess of beauty and good fortune	 Vishnu's wife	 and Kama's mother. She is the goddess of love	 believed to have been born from an ocean of milk.	AAAAAA==
1102	Agathion	A general term for familiars used by Judeo-Christian magicians	 they are usually sealed away in bottles	 rings	 or talismans. They torment the target selected by the conjuror.	AAAAAA==
1103	Agathion	A general term for familiars used by Judeo-Christian magicians	 they are usually sealed away in bottles	 rings	 or talismans. They torment the target selected by the conjuror.	AAAAAA==
1104	Eligor	One of the 72 demons of the Goetia. He looks like a knight and has the power to see things to come. He also knows much about war.	AAAAAA==
1105	Byakko	One of the Ssu-Ling	 celestial creatures of Chinese myth. It represents the direction west	 the season of autumn	 and the element of metal. He is believed to be the king of all beasts.	AAAAAA==
1106	Byakko	One of the Ssu-Ling	 celestial creatures of Chinese myth. It represents the direction west	 the season of autumn	 and the element of metal. He is believed to be the king of all beasts.	AAAAAA==
1107	Dominion	The fourth of the nine orders of angels. Their duty is to oversee the other angels. Their actions are the manifestation of God's will.	AAAAAA==
1108	Bicorn	An evil creature with two curving horns from European folklore. It represents impurity	 unlike the Unicorn. Said to be derived from Re'em in the Bible. Another legend says that it feeds off of loyal husbands.	AAAAAA==
1109	Jack-o'-Lantern	A drunkard who tricked the Devil out of taking him to Hell. When refused entry to Heaven	 he was forced to wander the earth with only an ember as a light.	AAAAAA==
1110	Jack-o'-Lantern	A drunkard who tricked the Devil out of taking him to Hell. When refused entry to Heaven	 he was forced to wander the earth with only an ember as a light.	AAAAAA==
1111	Cu Chulainn	A hero in Celtic folklore. He was called Setanta until he earned the name	 "Culann's Hound." There are many tales of his adventures. He received his spear	 Gae Bolg	 from his mentor	 Scathach.	AAAAAA==
1112	Lilim	A demon who tempts sleeping men and attacks infants. She is the daughter of the demoness	 Lilith. Like her mother	 she drains men of their essence.	AAAAAA==
1113	Lilim	A demon who tempts sleeping men and attacks infants. She is the daughter of the demoness	 Lilith. Like her mother	 she drains men of their essence.	AAAAAA==
1114	Yoshitsune	A Japanese general of the Genpei War near the end of the Heian era and start of the Kamakura era. His bold ingenuity and ruthless skill with a blade are still praised in Japan today.	AAAAAA==
1115	Okuninushi	A Kunitsu deity in Japanese mythology that governs agriculture and medicine. He's said to have built the country of Izumo with Susano-o's daughter	 Suseri-Hime.	AAAAAA==
1116	Okuninushi	A Kunitsu deity in Japanese mythology that governs agriculture and medicine. He's said to have built the country of Izumo with Susano-o's daughter	 Suseri-Hime.	AAAAAA==
1117	Unicorn	A legendary white horse with a single spiral horn. It can only be tamed by a pure maiden	 and its horn supposedly has miraculous healing capabilities.	AAAAAA==
1118	Unicorn	A legendary white horse with a single spiral horn. It can only be tamed by a pure maiden	 and its horn supposedly has miraculous healing capabilities.	AAAAAA==
1119	Lakshmi	The Hindu goddess of beauty and good fortune	 Vishnu's wife	 and Kama's mother. She is the goddess of love	 believed to have been born from an ocean of milk.	AAAAAA==
1120	Lilim	A demon who tempts sleeping men and attacks infants. She is the daughter of the demoness	 Lilith. Like her mother	 she drains men of their essence.	AAAAAA==
1121	Lilim	A demon who tempts sleeping men and attacks infants. She is the daughter of the demoness	 Lilith. Like her mother	 she drains men of their essence.	AAAAAA==
1122	Pazuzu	The Babylonian lord of wind and scorching sands. He has the body of a man	 a lion's head	 the claws and wings of an eagle	 and has a deadly poison. The diseases he spreads can only be cured with magic.	AAAAAA==
1123	Jack Frost	A winter fairy of European descent. He leaves ice patterns on windows and nips people's noses. Though normally an innocent creature	 he will freeze his victims to death if provoked.	AAAAAA==
1124	Jack-o'-Lantern	A drunkard who tricked the Devil out of taking him to Hell. When refused entry to Heaven	 he was forced to wander the earth with only an ember as a light.	AAAAAA==
1125	Jack-o'-Lantern	A drunkard who tricked the Devil out of taking him to Hell. When refused entry to Heaven	 he was forced to wander the earth with only an ember as a light.	AAAAAA==
1126	Cu Chulainn	A hero in Celtic folklore. He was called Setanta until he earned the name	 "Culann's Hound." There are many tales of his adventures. He received his spear	 Gae Bolg	 from his mentor	 Scathach.	AAAAAA==
1127	Byakko	One of the Ssu-Ling	 celestial creatures of Chinese myth. It represents the direction west	 the season of autumn	 and the element of metal. He is believed to be the king of all beasts.	AAAAAA==
1128	Byakko	One of the Ssu-Ling	 celestial creatures of Chinese myth. It represents the direction west	 the season of autumn	 and the element of metal. He is believed to be the king of all beasts.	AAAAAA==
1129	Eligor	One of the 72 demons of the Goetia. He looks like a knight and has the power to see things to come. He also knows much about war.	AAAAAA==
1130	Unicorn	A legendary white horse with a single spiral horn. It can only be tamed by a pure maiden	 and its horn supposedly has miraculous healing capabilities.	AAAAAA==
1131	Unicorn	A legendary white horse with a single spiral horn. It can only be tamed by a pure maiden	 and its horn supposedly has miraculous healing capabilities.	AAAAAA==
1132	Suzaku	One of the Ssu-Ling	 celestial creatures of Chinese myth. It is a giant bird that is said to chirp in five beautiful voices. It represents the direction south	 the season of summer	 and the element of fire.	AAAAAA==
1133	Oberon	The king of the fairies and Titania's husband. He is quite old but	 due to a curse	 his looks are that of a young boy. He often flirts with human women	 which sometimes earns him a scolding from his wife.	AAAAAA==
1134	Oberon	The king of the fairies and Titania's husband. He is quite old but	 due to a curse	 his looks are that of a young boy. He often flirts with human women	 which sometimes earns him a scolding from his wife.	AAAAAA==
1135	Pazuzu	The Babylonian lord of wind and scorching sands. He has the body of a man	 a lion's head	 the claws and wings of an eagle	 and has a deadly poison. The diseases he spreads can only be cured with magic.	AAAAAA==
1136	Pazuzu	The Babylonian lord of wind and scorching sands. He has the body of a man	 a lion's head	 the claws and wings of an eagle	 and has a deadly poison. The diseases he spreads can only be cured with magic.	AAAAAA==
1137	Jack Frost	A winter fairy of European descent. He leaves ice patterns on windows and nips people's noses. Though normally an innocent creature	 he will freeze his victims to death if provoked.	AAAAAA==
1138	Jack Frost	A winter fairy of European descent. He leaves ice patterns on windows and nips people's noses. Though normally an innocent creature	 he will freeze his victims to death if provoked.	AAAAAA==
1139	Lilim	A demon who tempts sleeping men and attacks infants. She is the daughter of the demoness	 Lilith. Like her mother	 she drains men of their essence.	AAAAAA==
1140	Parvati	A beautiful Hindu goddess of love and one of Shiva's wives. Always by his side	 she played a role in opening his third eye. She can turn into Durga or Kali when angered.	AAAAAA==
1141	Byakko	One of the Ssu-Ling	 celestial creatures of Chinese myth. It represents the direction west	 the season of autumn	 and the element of metal. He is believed to be the king of all beasts.	AAAAAA==
1142	Jack-o'-Lantern	A drunkard who tricked the Devil out of taking him to Hell. When refused entry to Heaven	 he was forced to wander the earth with only an ember as a light.	AAAAAA==
1143	Jack-o'-Lantern	A drunkard who tricked the Devil out of taking him to Hell. When refused entry to Heaven	 he was forced to wander the earth with only an ember as a light.	AAAAAA==
1144	Archangel	Eighth of the nine orders of angels. Their duty is to minister to humans and deliver messages. They are warriors of Heaven and lead Heaven's forces during battle with the armies of evil.	AAAAAA==
1145	Byakko	One of the Ssu-Ling	 celestial creatures of Chinese myth. It represents the direction west	 the season of autumn	 and the element of metal. He is believed to be the king of all beasts.	AAAAAA==
1146	Byakko	One of the Ssu-Ling	 celestial creatures of Chinese myth. It represents the direction west	 the season of autumn	 and the element of metal. He is believed to be the king of all beasts.	AAAAAA==
1147	Dominion	The fourth of the nine orders of angels. Their duty is to oversee the other angels. Their actions are the manifestation of God's will.	AAAAAA==
1148	Oberon	The king of the fairies and Titania's husband. He is quite old but	 due to a curse	 his looks are that of a young boy. He often flirts with human women	 which sometimes earns him a scolding from his wife.	AAAAAA==
1149	Oberon	The king of the fairies and Titania's husband. He is quite old but	 due to a curse	 his looks are that of a young boy. He often flirts with human women	 which sometimes earns him a scolding from his wife.	AAAAAA==
1150	Sandalphon	Metatron's twin brother in Judeo-Christian lore	 he is the master of heavenly songs. It is said that a human would take 500 years to walk the length of his body.	AAAAAA==
1151	Unicorn	A legendary white horse with a single spiral horn. It can only be tamed by a pure maiden	 and its horn supposedly has miraculous healing capabilities.	AAAAAA==
1152	Unicorn	A legendary white horse with a single spiral horn. It can only be tamed by a pure maiden	 and its horn supposedly has miraculous healing capabilities.	AAAAAA==
1153	Pazuzu	The Babylonian lord of wind and scorching sands. He has the body of a man	 a lion's head	 the claws and wings of an eagle	 and has a deadly poison. The diseases he spreads can only be cured with magic.	AAAAAA==
1154	Pazuzu	The Babylonian lord of wind and scorching sands. He has the body of a man	 a lion's head	 the claws and wings of an eagle	 and has a deadly poison. The diseases he spreads can only be cured with magic.	AAAAAA==
1155	Michiko Fujikawa	-	AAAAAA==
1156	Raga	-	AAAAAA==
1157	King Frost	The king of snow who rules over an infinite number of Jack Frosts. He has the power to freeze the entire world	 but is unaware of it due to his naïve personality.	AAAAAA==
1158	Lilim	A demon who tempts sleeping men and attacks infants. She is the daughter of the demoness	 Lilith. Like her mother	 she drains men of their essence.	AAAAAA==
1159	Parvati	A beautiful Hindu goddess of love and one of Shiva's wives. Always by his side	 she played a role in opening his third eye. She can turn into Durga or Kali when angered.	AAAAAA==
1160	Fujikawa Family Servant	-	AAAAAA==
1161	Pazuzu	The Babylonian lord of wind and scorching sands. He has the body of a man	 a lion's head	 the claws and wings of an eagle	 and has a deadly poison. The diseases he spreads can only be cured with magic.	AAAAAA==
1162	Yoshitsune	A Japanese general of the Genpei War near the end of the Heian era and start of the Kamakura era. His bold ingenuity and ruthless skill with a blade are still praised in Japan today.	AAAAAA==
1163	Dominion	The fourth of the nine orders of angels. Their duty is to oversee the other angels. Their actions are the manifestation of God's will.	AAAAAA==
1164	Thor	The Norse thunder god and son of Odin	 Thor owns the power enhancing belt	 Megingjard	 and wields Mjolnir	 a hammer that causes lightning to strike and returns to its owner if thrown.	AAAAAA==
1165	Horus	An ancient god of Egypt whose eyes are the sun and moon. Revered by some as the chief god	 he is often depicted as a hawk or a falcon.	AAAAAA==
1166	Kurama Tengu	A type of tengu said to have lived on Mt. Kurama in Kyoto. The most powerful and well-known of the tengu	 they have the power to fend off disease and bring good fortune.	AAAAAA==
1167	Sarasvati	The Hindu goddess of rivers	 and patron of speech	 writing	 learning	 the arts	 and sciences. Brahma is her husband.	AAAAAA==
1168	Sarasvati	The Hindu goddess of rivers	 and patron of speech	 writing	 learning	 the arts	 and sciences. Brahma is her husband.	AAAAAA==
1169	Eligor	One of the 72 demons of the Goetia. He looks like a knight and has the power to see things to come. He also knows much about war.	AAAAAA==
1170	Clotho	The youngest of the three Moirae Sisters of Greek legend. She spins the threads of life with her spindle.	AAAAAA==
1171	Clotho	The youngest of the three Moirae Sisters of Greek legend. She spins the threads of life with her spindle.	AAAAAA==
1172	Rangda	A wicked witch of Balinese lore	 she represents evil and is Barong's eternal rival. Even if defeated	 she will come back to life	 and their battle will have no end.	AAAAAA==
1173	Lilim	A demon who tempts sleeping men and attacks infants. She is the daughter of the demoness	 Lilith. Like her mother	 she drains men of their essence.	AAAAAA==
1174	Lilim	A demon who tempts sleeping men and attacks infants. She is the daughter of the demoness	 Lilith. Like her mother	 she drains men of their essence.	AAAAAA==
1175	Bicorn	An evil creature with two curving horns from European folklore. It represents impurity	 unlike the Unicorn. Said to be derived from Re'em in the Bible. Another legend says that it feeds off of loyal husbands.	AAAAAA==
1176	Succubus	A female demon of European lore in medieval times. They visit sleeping men and have sexual intercourse with them. The victims don't wake up but may dream of the encounter.	AAAAAA==
1177	Succubus	A female demon of European lore in medieval times. They visit sleeping men and have sexual intercourse with them. The victims don't wake up but may dream of the encounter.	AAAAAA==
1178	Eligor	One of the 72 demons of the Goetia. He looks like a knight and has the power to see things to come. He also knows much about war.	AAAAAA==
1179	Sarasvati	The Hindu goddess of rivers	 and patron of speech	 writing	 learning	 the arts	 and sciences. Brahma is her husband.	AAAAAA==
1180	Sarasvati	The Hindu goddess of rivers	 and patron of speech	 writing	 learning	 the arts	 and sciences. Brahma is her husband.	AAAAAA==
1181	Suzaku	One of the Ssu-Ling	 celestial creatures of Chinese myth. It is a giant bird that is said to chirp in five beautiful voices. It represents the direction south	 the season of summer	 and the element of fire.	AAAAAA==
1182	Clotho	The youngest of the three Moirae Sisters of Greek legend. She spins the threads of life with her spindle.	AAAAAA==
1183	Clotho	The youngest of the three Moirae Sisters of Greek legend. She spins the threads of life with her spindle.	AAAAAA==
1184	Cu Chulainn	A hero in Celtic folklore. He was called Setanta until he earned the name	 "Culann's Hound." There are many tales of his adventures. He received his spear	 Gae Bolg	 from his mentor	 Scathach.	AAAAAA==
1185	Lilim	A demon who tempts sleeping men and attacks infants. She is the daughter of the demoness	 Lilith. Like her mother	 she drains men of their essence.	AAAAAA==
1186	Lilim	A demon who tempts sleeping men and attacks infants. She is the daughter of the demoness	 Lilith. Like her mother	 she drains men of their essence.	AAAAAA==
1187	Kurama Tengu	A type of tengu said to have lived on Mt. Kurama in Kyoto. The most powerful and well-known of the tengu	 they have the power to fend off disease and bring good fortune.	AAAAAA==
1188	Succubus	A female demon of European lore in medieval times. They visit sleeping men and have sexual intercourse with them. The victims don't wake up but may dream of the encounter.	AAAAAA==
1189	Succubus	A female demon of European lore in medieval times. They visit sleeping men and have sexual intercourse with them. The victims don't wake up but may dream of the encounter.	AAAAAA==
1190	Dominion	The fourth of the nine orders of angels. Their duty is to oversee the other angels. Their actions are the manifestation of God's will.	AAAAAA==
1191	Oberon	The king of the fairies and Titania's husband. He is quite old but	 due to a curse	 his looks are that of a young boy. He often flirts with human women	 which sometimes earns him a scolding from his wife.	AAAAAA==
1192	Oberon	The king of the fairies and Titania's husband. He is quite old but	 due to a curse	 his looks are that of a young boy. He often flirts with human women	 which sometimes earns him a scolding from his wife.	AAAAAA==
1193	Sandalphon	Metatron's twin brother in Judeo-Christian lore	 he is the master of heavenly songs. It is said that a human would take 500 years to walk the length of his body.	AAAAAA==
1194	Unicorn	A legendary white horse with a single spiral horn. It can only be tamed by a pure maiden	 and its horn supposedly has miraculous healing capabilities.	AAAAAA==
1195	Unicorn	A legendary white horse with a single spiral horn. It can only be tamed by a pure maiden	 and its horn supposedly has miraculous healing capabilities.	AAAAAA==
1196	King Frost	The king of snow who rules over an infinite number of Jack Frosts. He has the power to freeze the entire world	 but is unaware of it due to his naïve personality.	AAAAAA==
1197	Lilim	A demon who tempts sleeping men and attacks infants. She is the daughter of the demoness	 Lilith. Like her mother	 she drains men of their essence.	AAAAAA==
1198	Parvati	A beautiful Hindu goddess of love and one of Shiva's wives. Always by his side	 she played a role in opening his third eye. She can turn into Durga or Kali when angered.	AAAAAA==
1199	Oberon	The king of the fairies and Titania's husband. He is quite old but	 due to a curse	 his looks are that of a young boy. He often flirts with human women	 which sometimes earns him a scolding from his wife.	AAAAAA==
1200	Lilim	A demon who tempts sleeping men and attacks infants. She is the daughter of the demoness	 Lilith. Like her mother	 she drains men of their essence.	AAAAAA==
1201	Lilim	A demon who tempts sleeping men and attacks infants. She is the daughter of the demoness	 Lilith. Like her mother	 she drains men of their essence.	AAAAAA==
1202	Kurama Tengu	A type of tengu said to have lived on Mt. Kurama in Kyoto. The most powerful and well-known of the tengu	 they have the power to fend off disease and bring good fortune.	AAAAAA==
1203	Mokoi	Evil spirits of Murngin lore believed to be reborn shadows. They kidnap and eat children	 and strike down any sorcerer who uses black magic.	AAAAAA==
1204	Mokoi	Evil spirits of Murngin lore believed to be reborn shadows. They kidnap and eat children	 and strike down any sorcerer who uses black magic.	AAAAAA==
1205	Horus	An ancient god of Egypt whose eyes are the sun and moon. Revered by some as the chief god	 he is often depicted as a hawk or a falcon.	AAAAAA==
1206	Cu Chulainn	A hero in Celtic folklore. He was called Setanta until he earned the name	 "Culann's Hound." There are many tales of his adventures. He received his spear	 Gae Bolg	 from his mentor	 Scathach.	AAAAAA==
1207	Cu Chulainn	A hero in Celtic folklore. He was called Setanta until he earned the name	 "Culann's Hound." There are many tales of his adventures. He received his spear	 Gae Bolg	 from his mentor	 Scathach.	AAAAAA==
3001	Oberon	The king of the fairies and Titania's husband. He is quite old but	 due to a curse	 his looks are that of a young boy. He often flirts with human women	 which sometimes earns him a scolding from his wife.	AAAAAA==
3002	Mokoi	Evil spirits of Murngin lore believed to be reborn shadows. They kidnap and eat children	 and strike down any sorcerer who uses black magic.	AAAAAA==
3003	Titania	The queen of the fairies and Oberon's wife. She is derived from the Roman goddess Diana. She was later immortalized in Shakespeare's play "A Midsummer Night's Dream."	AAAAAA==
3004	Neko Shogun	A prophetic Taoist god	 originally known as Mao Shogun. Due to a linguistic error involving the Chinese word for "cat	 his name was changed to Neko Shogun.,AAAAAA==
3005,Agathion,A general term for familiars used by Judeo-Christian magicians, they are usually sealed away in bottles, rings, or talismans. They torment the target selected by the conjuror.,AAAAAA==
3006,Parvati,A beautiful Hindu goddess of love and one of Shiva's wives. Always by his side, she played a role in opening his third eye. She can turn into Durga or Kali when angered.,AAAAAA==
3007,Dominion,The fourth of the nine orders of angels. Their duty is to oversee the other angels. Their actions are the manifestation of God's will.,AAAAAA==
3008,Succubus,A female demon of European lore in medieval times. They visit sleeping men and have sexual intercourse with them. The victims don't wake up but may dream of the encounter.,AAAAAA==
3009,Succubus,A female demon of European lore in medieval times. They visit sleeping men and have sexual intercourse with them. The victims don't wake up but may dream of the encounter.,AAAAAA==
3010,Horus,An ancient god of Egypt whose eyes are the sun and moon. Revered by some as the chief god, he is often depicted as a hawk or a falcon.,AAAAAA==
3011,Jack Frost,A winter fairy of European descent. He leaves ice patterns on windows and nips people's noses. Though normally an innocent creature, he will freeze his victims to death if provoked.,AAAAAA==
3012,Jack Frost,A winter fairy of European descent. He leaves ice patterns on windows and nips people's noses. Though normally an innocent creature, he will freeze his victims to death if provoked.,AAAAAA==
3013,Kurama Tengu,A type of tengu said to have lived on Mt. Kurama in Kyoto. The most powerful and well-known of the tengu, they have the power to fend off disease and bring good fortune.,AAAAAA==
3014,Orthrus,The two-headed pet dog belonging to the giant Geryon of Greek myth. He guarded a herd of red oxen but was killed by Hercules during one of his twelve labors.,AAAAAA==
3015,Orthrus,The two-headed pet dog belonging to the giant Geryon of Greek myth. He guarded a herd of red oxen but was killed by Hercules during one of his twelve labors.,AAAAAA==
3016,Rangda,A wicked witch of Balinese lore, she represents evil and is Barong's eternal rival. Even if defeated, she will come back to life, and their battle will have no end.,AAAAAA==
3017,Bicorn,An evil creature with two curving horns from European folklore. It represents impurity, unlike the Unicorn. Said to be derived from Re'em in the Bible. Another legend says that it feeds off of loyal husbands.,AAAAAA==
3018,Bicorn,An evil creature with two curving horns from European folklore. It represents impurity, unlike the Unicorn. Said to be derived from Re'em in the Bible. Another legend says that it feeds off of loyal husbands.,AAAAAA==
3019,Izanagi,A Persona of another story.
One of the ancient gods who existed before Japan was formed.
He created the Oyashima from chaos, then gave birth to countless children and laid the foundation of soil and nature.,AAAAAA==
3020,Lilim,A demon who tempts sleeping men and attacks infants. She is the daughter of the demoness, Lilith. Like her mother, she drains men of their essence.,AAAAAA==
3021,Lilim,A demon who tempts sleeping men and attacks infants. She is the daughter of the demoness, Lilith. Like her mother, she drains men of their essence.,AAAAAA==
3022,Thor,The Norse thunder god and son of Odin, Thor owns the power enhancing belt, Megingjard, and wields Mjolnir, a hammer that causes lightning to strike and returns to its owner if thrown.,AAAAAA==
3023,Isis,Osiris's wife as well as his younger sister. Upon the death of her husband, she revived him with her incredible magic power. Isis is seen at many gravesites as the guardian goddess of the dead.,AAAAAA==
3024,Isis,Osiris's wife as well as his younger sister. Upon the death of her husband, she revived him with her incredible magic power. Isis is seen at many gravesites as the guardian goddess of the dead.,AAAAAA==
3025,Oberon,The king of the fairies and Titania's husband. He is quite old but, due to a curse, his looks are that of a young boy. He often flirts with human women, which sometimes earns him a scolding from his wife.,AAAAAA==
3026,Sarasvati,The Hindu goddess of rivers, and patron of speech, writing, learning, the arts, and sciences. Brahma is her husband.,AAAAAA==
3027,Sarasvati,The Hindu goddess of rivers, and patron of speech, writing, learning, the arts, and sciences. Brahma is her husband.,AAAAAA==
3028,Alice,A mysterious blond girl. She is quite powerful, despite her looks. Some say she is the ghost of a girl who died a sad death. Others say she is a spirit born from someone's imagination.,AAAAAA==
3029,Pazuzu,The Babylonian lord of wind and scorching sands. He has the body of a man, a lion's head, the claws and wings of an eagle, and has a deadly poison. The diseases he spreads can only be cured with magic.,AAAAAA==
3030,Pazuzu,The Babylonian lord of wind and scorching sands. He has the body of a man, a lion's head, the claws and wings of an eagle, and has a deadly poison. The diseases he spreads can only be cured with magic.,AAAAAA==
3031,Parvati,A beautiful Hindu goddess of love and one of Shiva's wives. Always by his side, she played a role in opening his third eye. She can turn into Durga or Kali when angered.,AAAAAA==
3032,Archangel,Eighth of the nine orders of angels. Their duty is to minister to humans and deliver messages. They are warriors of Heaven and lead Heaven's forces during battle with the armies of evil.,AAAAAA==
3033,Archangel,Eighth of the nine orders of angels. Their duty is to minister to humans and deliver messages. They are warriors of Heaven and lead Heaven's forces during battle with the armies of evil.,AAAAAA==
3101,Oberon,The king of the fairies and Titania's husband. He is quite old but, due to a curse, his looks are that of a young boy. He often flirts with human women, which sometimes earns him a scolding from his wife.,AAAAAA==
3102,Mokoi,Evil spirits of Murngin lore believed to be reborn shadows. They kidnap and eat children, and strike down any sorcerer who uses black magic.,AAAAAA==
3103,Titania,The queen of the fairies and Oberon's wife. She is derived from the Roman goddess Diana. She was later immortalized in Shakespeare's play A Midsummer Night's Dream."	AAAAAA==
3104	Neko Shogun	A prophetic Taoist god	 originally known as Mao Shogun. Due to a linguistic error involving the Chinese word for "cat	 his name was changed to Neko Shogun.,AAAAAA==
3105,Agathion,A general term for familiars used by Judeo-Christian magicians, they are usually sealed away in bottles, rings, or talismans. They torment the target selected by the conjuror.,AAAAAA==
3106,Parvati,A beautiful Hindu goddess of love and one of Shiva's wives. Always by his side, she played a role in opening his third eye. She can turn into Durga or Kali when angered.,AAAAAA==
3107,Dominion,The fourth of the nine orders of angels. Their duty is to oversee the other angels. Their actions are the manifestation of God's will.,AAAAAA==
3108,Succubus,A female demon of European lore in medieval times. They visit sleeping men and have sexual intercourse with them. The victims don't wake up but may dream of the encounter.,AAAAAA==
3109,Succubus,A female demon of European lore in medieval times. They visit sleeping men and have sexual intercourse with them. The victims don't wake up but may dream of the encounter.,AAAAAA==
3110,Horus,An ancient god of Egypt whose eyes are the sun and moon. Revered by some as the chief god, he is often depicted as a hawk or a falcon.,AAAAAA==
3111,Jack Frost,A winter fairy of European descent. He leaves ice patterns on windows and nips people's noses. Though normally an innocent creature, he will freeze his victims to death if provoked.,AAAAAA==
3112,Jack Frost,A winter fairy of European descent. He leaves ice patterns on windows and nips people's noses. Though normally an innocent creature, he will freeze his victims to death if provoked.,AAAAAA==
3113,Kurama Tengu,A type of tengu said to have lived on Mt. Kurama in Kyoto. The most powerful and well-known of the tengu, they have the power to fend off disease and bring good fortune.,AAAAAA==
3114,Orthrus,The two-headed pet dog belonging to the giant Geryon of Greek myth. He guarded a herd of red oxen but was killed by Hercules during one of his twelve labors.,AAAAAA==
3115,Orthrus,The two-headed pet dog belonging to the giant Geryon of Greek myth. He guarded a herd of red oxen but was killed by Hercules during one of his twelve labors.,AAAAAA==
3116,Rangda,A wicked witch of Balinese lore, she represents evil and is Barong's eternal rival. Even if defeated, she will come back to life, and their battle will have no end.,AAAAAA==
3117,Bicorn,An evil creature with two curving horns from European folklore. It represents impurity, unlike the Unicorn. Said to be derived from Re'em in the Bible. Another legend says that it feeds off of loyal husbands.,AAAAAA==
3118,Bicorn,An evil creature with two curving horns from European folklore. It represents impurity, unlike the Unicorn. Said to be derived from Re'em in the Bible. Another legend says that it feeds off of loyal husbands.,AAAAAA==
3119,Izanagi,A Persona of another story.
One of the ancient gods who existed before Japan was formed.
He created the Oyashima from chaos, then gave birth to countless children and laid the foundation of soil and nature.,AAAAAA==
3120,Lilim,A demon who tempts sleeping men and attacks infants. She is the daughter of the demoness, Lilith. Like her mother, she drains men of their essence.,AAAAAA==
3121,Lilim,A demon who tempts sleeping men and attacks infants. She is the daughter of the demoness, Lilith. Like her mother, she drains men of their essence.,AAAAAA==
3122,Thor,The Norse thunder god and son of Odin, Thor owns the power enhancing belt, Megingjard, and wields Mjolnir, a hammer that causes lightning to strike and returns to its owner if thrown.,AAAAAA==
3123,Isis,Osiris's wife as well as his younger sister. Upon the death of her husband, she revived him with her incredible magic power. Isis is seen at many gravesites as the guardian goddess of the dead.,AAAAAA==
3124,Isis,Osiris's wife as well as his younger sister. Upon the death of her husband, she revived him with her incredible magic power. Isis is seen at many gravesites as the guardian goddess of the dead.,AAAAAA==
3125,Oberon,The king of the fairies and Titania's husband. He is quite old but, due to a curse, his looks are that of a young boy. He often flirts with human women, which sometimes earns him a scolding from his wife.,AAAAAA==
3126,Sarasvati,The Hindu goddess of rivers, and patron of speech, writing, learning, the arts, and sciences. Brahma is her husband.,AAAAAA==
3127,Sarasvati,The Hindu goddess of rivers, and patron of speech, writing, learning, the arts, and sciences. Brahma is her husband.,AAAAAA==
3128,Alice,A mysterious blond girl. She is quite powerful, despite her looks. Some say she is the ghost of a girl who died a sad death. Others say she is a spirit born from someone's imagination.,AAAAAA==
3129,Pazuzu,The Babylonian lord of wind and scorching sands. He has the body of a man, a lion's head, the claws and wings of an eagle, and has a deadly poison. The diseases he spreads can only be cured with magic.,AAAAAA==
3130,Pazuzu,The Babylonian lord of wind and scorching sands. He has the body of a man, a lion's head, the claws and wings of an eagle, and has a deadly poison. The diseases he spreads can only be cured with magic.,AAAAAA==
3131,Parvati,A beautiful Hindu goddess of love and one of Shiva's wives. Always by his side, she played a role in opening his third eye. She can turn into Durga or Kali when angered.,AAAAAA==
3132,Archangel,Eighth of the nine orders of angels. Their duty is to minister to humans and deliver messages. They are warriors of Heaven and lead Heaven's forces during battle with the armies of evil.,AAAAAA==
3133,Archangel,Eighth of the nine orders of angels. Their duty is to minister to humans and deliver messages. They are warriors of Heaven and lead Heaven's forces during battle with the armies of evil.,AAAAAA==
3201,Oberon,The king of the fairies and Titania's husband. He is quite old but, due to a curse, his looks are that of a young boy. He often flirts with human women, which sometimes earns him a scolding from his wife.,AAAAAA==
3202,Mokoi,Evil spirits of Murngin lore believed to be reborn shadows. They kidnap and eat children, and strike down any sorcerer who uses black magic.,AAAAAA==
3203,Titania,The queen of the fairies and Oberon's wife. She is derived from the Roman goddess Diana. She was later immortalized in Shakespeare's play A Midsummer Night's Dream."	AAAAAA==
3204	Neko Shogun	A prophetic Taoist god	 originally known as Mao Shogun. Due to a linguistic error involving the Chinese word for "cat	 his name was changed to Neko Shogun.,AAAAAA==
3205,Agathion,A general term for familiars used by Judeo-Christian magicians, they are usually sealed away in bottles, rings, or talismans. They torment the target selected by the conjuror.,AAAAAA==
3206,Parvati,A beautiful Hindu goddess of love and one of Shiva's wives. Always by his side, she played a role in opening his third eye. She can turn into Durga or Kali when angered.,AAAAAA==
3207,Dominion,The fourth of the nine orders of angels. Their duty is to oversee the other angels. Their actions are the manifestation of God's will.,AAAAAA==
3208,Succubus,A female demon of European lore in medieval times. They visit sleeping men and have sexual intercourse with them. The victims don't wake up but may dream of the encounter.,AAAAAA==
3209,Succubus,A female demon of European lore in medieval times. They visit sleeping men and have sexual intercourse with them. The victims don't wake up but may dream of the encounter.,AAAAAA==
3210,Horus,An ancient god of Egypt whose eyes are the sun and moon. Revered by some as the chief god, he is often depicted as a hawk or a falcon.,AAAAAA==
3211,Jack Frost,A winter fairy of European descent. He leaves ice patterns on windows and nips people's noses. Though normally an innocent creature, he will freeze his victims to death if provoked.,AAAAAA==
3212,Jack Frost,A winter fairy of European descent. He leaves ice patterns on windows and nips people's noses. Though normally an innocent creature, he will freeze his victims to death if provoked.,AAAAAA==
3213,Kurama Tengu,A type of tengu said to have lived on Mt. Kurama in Kyoto. The most powerful and well-known of the tengu, they have the power to fend off disease and bring good fortune.,AAAAAA==
3214,Orthrus,The two-headed pet dog belonging to the giant Geryon of Greek myth. He guarded a herd of red oxen but was killed by Hercules during one of his twelve labors.,AAAAAA==
3215,Orthrus,The two-headed pet dog belonging to the giant Geryon of Greek myth. He guarded a herd of red oxen but was killed by Hercules during one of his twelve labors.,AAAAAA==
3216,Rangda,A wicked witch of Balinese lore, she represents evil and is Barong's eternal rival. Even if defeated, she will come back to life, and their battle will have no end.,AAAAAA==
3217,Bicorn,An evil creature with two curving horns from European folklore. It represents impurity, unlike the Unicorn. Said to be derived from Re'em in the Bible. Another legend says that it feeds off of loyal husbands.,AAAAAA==
3218,Bicorn,An evil creature with two curving horns from European folklore. It represents impurity, unlike the Unicorn. Said to be derived from Re'em in the Bible. Another legend says that it feeds off of loyal husbands.,AAAAAA==
3219,Izanagi,A Persona of another story.
One of the ancient gods who existed before Japan was formed.
He created the Oyashima from chaos, then gave birth to countless children and laid the foundation of soil and nature.,AAAAAA==
3220,Lilim,A demon who tempts sleeping men and attacks infants. She is the daughter of the demoness, Lilith. Like her mother, she drains men of their essence.,AAAAAA==
3221,Lilim,A demon who tempts sleeping men and attacks infants. She is the daughter of the demoness, Lilith. Like her mother, she drains men of their essence.,AAAAAA==
3222,Thor,The Norse thunder god and son of Odin, Thor owns the power enhancing belt, Megingjard, and wields Mjolnir, a hammer that causes lightning to strike and returns to its owner if thrown.,AAAAAA==
3223,Isis,Osiris's wife as well as his younger sister. Upon the death of her husband, she revived him with her incredible magic power. Isis is seen at many gravesites as the guardian goddess of the dead.,AAAAAA==
3224,Isis,Osiris's wife as well as his younger sister. Upon the death of her husband, she revived him with her incredible magic power. Isis is seen at many gravesites as the guardian goddess of the dead.,AAAAAA==
3225,Oberon,The king of the fairies and Titania's husband. He is quite old but, due to a curse, his looks are that of a young boy. He often flirts with human women, which sometimes earns him a scolding from his wife.,AAAAAA==
3226,Sarasvati,The Hindu goddess of rivers, and patron of speech, writing, learning, the arts, and sciences. Brahma is her husband.,AAAAAA==
3227,Sarasvati,The Hindu goddess of rivers, and patron of speech, writing, learning, the arts, and sciences. Brahma is her husband.,AAAAAA==
3228,Alice,A mysterious blond girl. She is quite powerful, despite her looks. Some say she is the ghost of a girl who died a sad death. Others say she is a spirit born from someone's imagination.,AAAAAA==
3229,Pazuzu,The Babylonian lord of wind and scorching sands. He has the body of a man, a lion's head, the claws and wings of an eagle, and has a deadly poison. The diseases he spreads can only be cured with magic.,AAAAAA==
3230,Pazuzu,The Babylonian lord of wind and scorching sands. He has the body of a man, a lion's head, the claws and wings of an eagle, and has a deadly poison. The diseases he spreads can only be cured with magic.,AAAAAA==
3231,Parvati,A beautiful Hindu goddess of love and one of Shiva's wives. Always by his side, she played a role in opening his third eye. She can turn into Durga or Kali when angered.,AAAAAA==
3232,Archangel,Eighth of the nine orders of angels. Their duty is to minister to humans and deliver messages. They are warriors of Heaven and lead Heaven's forces during battle with the armies of evil.,AAAAAA==
3233,Archangel,Eighth of the nine orders of angels. Their duty is to minister to humans and deliver messages. They are warriors of Heaven and lead Heaven's forces during battle with the armies of evil.,AAAAAA==
3301,Oberon,The king of the fairies and Titania's husband. He is quite old but, due to a curse, his looks are that of a young boy. He often flirts with human women, which sometimes earns him a scolding from his wife.,AAAAAA==
3302,Mokoi,Evil spirits of Murngin lore believed to be reborn shadows. They kidnap and eat children, and strike down any sorcerer who uses black magic.,AAAAAA==
3303,Titania,The queen of the fairies and Oberon's wife. She is derived from the Roman goddess Diana. She was later immortalized in Shakespeare's play A Midsummer Night's Dream."	AAAAAA==
3304	Neko Shogun	A prophetic Taoist god	 originally known as Mao Shogun. Due to a linguistic error involving the Chinese word for "cat	 his name was changed to Neko Shogun.,AAAAAA==
3305,Agathion,A general term for familiars used by Judeo-Christian magicians, they are usually sealed away in bottles, rings, or talismans. They torment the target selected by the conjuror.,AAAAAA==
3306,Parvati,A beautiful Hindu goddess of love and one of Shiva's wives. Always by his side, she played a role in opening his third eye. She can turn into Durga or Kali when angered.,AAAAAA==
3307,Dominion,The fourth of the nine orders of angels. Their duty is to oversee the other angels. Their actions are the manifestation of God's will.,AAAAAA==
3308,Succubus,A female demon of European lore in medieval times. They visit sleeping men and have sexual intercourse with them. The victims don't wake up but may dream of the encounter.,AAAAAA==
3309,Succubus,A female demon of European lore in medieval times. They visit sleeping men and have sexual intercourse with them. The victims don't wake up but may dream of the encounter.,AAAAAA==
3310,Horus,An ancient god of Egypt whose eyes are the sun and moon. Revered by some as the chief god, he is often depicted as a hawk or a falcon.,AAAAAA==
3311,Jack Frost,A winter fairy of European descent. He leaves ice patterns on windows and nips people's noses. Though normally an innocent creature, he will freeze his victims to death if provoked.,AAAAAA==
3312,Jack Frost,A winter fairy of European descent. He leaves ice patterns on windows and nips people's noses. Though normally an innocent creature, he will freeze his victims to death if provoked.,AAAAAA==
3313,Kurama Tengu,A type of tengu said to have lived on Mt. Kurama in Kyoto. The most powerful and well-known of the tengu, they have the power to fend off disease and bring good fortune.,AAAAAA==
3314,Orthrus,The two-headed pet dog belonging to the giant Geryon of Greek myth. He guarded a herd of red oxen but was killed by Hercules during one of his twelve labors.,AAAAAA==
3315,Orthrus,The two-headed pet dog belonging to the giant Geryon of Greek myth. He guarded a herd of red oxen but was killed by Hercules during one of his twelve labors.,AAAAAA==
3316,Rangda,A wicked witch of Balinese lore, she represents evil and is Barong's eternal rival. Even if defeated, she will come back to life, and their battle will have no end.,AAAAAA==
3317,Bicorn,An evil creature with two curving horns from European folklore. It represents impurity, unlike the Unicorn. Said to be derived from Re'em in the Bible. Another legend says that it feeds off of loyal husbands.,AAAAAA==
3318,Bicorn,An evil creature with two curving horns from European folklore. It represents impurity, unlike the Unicorn. Said to be derived from Re'em in the Bible. Another legend says that it feeds off of loyal husbands.,AAAAAA==
3319,Izanagi,A Persona of another story.
One of the ancient gods who existed before Japan was formed.
He created the Oyashima from chaos, then gave birth to countless children and laid the foundation of soil and nature.,AAAAAA==
3320,Lilim,A demon who tempts sleeping men and attacks infants. She is the daughter of the demoness, Lilith. Like her mother, she drains men of their essence.,AAAAAA==
3321,Lilim,A demon who tempts sleeping men and attacks infants. She is the daughter of the demoness, Lilith. Like her mother, she drains men of their essence.,AAAAAA==
3322,Thor,The Norse thunder god and son of Odin, Thor owns the power enhancing belt, Megingjard, and wields Mjolnir, a hammer that causes lightning to strike and returns to its owner if thrown.,AAAAAA==
3323,Isis,Osiris's wife as well as his younger sister. Upon the death of her husband, she revived him with her incredible magic power. Isis is seen at many gravesites as the guardian goddess of the dead.,AAAAAA==
3324,Isis,Osiris's wife as well as his younger sister. Upon the death of her husband, she revived him with her incredible magic power. Isis is seen at many gravesites as the guardian goddess of the dead.,AAAAAA==
3325,Oberon,The king of the fairies and Titania's husband. He is quite old but, due to a curse, his looks are that of a young boy. He often flirts with human women, which sometimes earns him a scolding from his wife.,AAAAAA==
3326,Sarasvati,The Hindu goddess of rivers, and patron of speech, writing, learning, the arts, and sciences. Brahma is her husband.,AAAAAA==
3327,Sarasvati,The Hindu goddess of rivers, and patron of speech, writing, learning, the arts, and sciences. Brahma is her husband.,AAAAAA==
3328,Alice,A mysterious blond girl. She is quite powerful, despite her looks. Some say she is the ghost of a girl who died a sad death. Others say she is a spirit born from someone's imagination.,AAAAAA==
3329,Pazuzu,The Babylonian lord of wind and scorching sands. He has the body of a man, a lion's head, the claws and wings of an eagle, and has a deadly poison. The diseases he spreads can only be cured with magic.,AAAAAA==
3330,Pazuzu,The Babylonian lord of wind and scorching sands. He has the body of a man, a lion's head, the claws and wings of an eagle, and has a deadly poison. The diseases he spreads can only be cured with magic.,AAAAAA==
3331,Parvati,A beautiful Hindu goddess of love and one of Shiva's wives. Always by his side, she played a role in opening his third eye. She can turn into Durga or Kali when angered.,AAAAAA==
3332,Archangel,Eighth of the nine orders of angels. Their duty is to minister to humans and deliver messages. They are warriors of Heaven and lead Heaven's forces during battle with the armies of evil.,AAAAAA==
3333,Archangel,Eighth of the nine orders of angels. Their duty is to minister to humans and deliver messages. They are warriors of Heaven and lead Heaven's forces during battle with the armies of evil.,AAAAAA==
3401,Oberon,The king of the fairies and Titania's husband. He is quite old but, due to a curse, his looks are that of a young boy. He often flirts with human women, which sometimes earns him a scolding from his wife.,AAAAAA==
3402,Mokoi,Evil spirits of Murngin lore believed to be reborn shadows. They kidnap and eat children, and strike down any sorcerer who uses black magic.,AAAAAA==
3403,Titania,The queen of the fairies and Oberon's wife. She is derived from the Roman goddess Diana. She was later immortalized in Shakespeare's play A Midsummer Night's Dream."	AAAAAA==
3404	Neko Shogun	A prophetic Taoist god	 originally known as Mao Shogun. Due to a linguistic error involving the Chinese word for "cat	 his name was changed to Neko Shogun.,AAAAAA==
3405,Agathion,A general term for familiars used by Judeo-Christian magicians, they are usually sealed away in bottles, rings, or talismans. They torment the target selected by the conjuror.,AAAAAA==
3406,Parvati,A beautiful Hindu goddess of love and one of Shiva's wives. Always by his side, she played a role in opening his third eye. She can turn into Durga or Kali when angered.,AAAAAA==
3407,Dominion,The fourth of the nine orders of angels. Their duty is to oversee the other angels. Their actions are the manifestation of God's will.,AAAAAA==
3408,Succubus,A female demon of European lore in medieval times. They visit sleeping men and have sexual intercourse with them. The victims don't wake up but may dream of the encounter.,AAAAAA==
3409,Succubus,A female demon of European lore in medieval times. They visit sleeping men and have sexual intercourse with them. The victims don't wake up but may dream of the encounter.,AAAAAA==
3410,Horus,An ancient god of Egypt whose eyes are the sun and moon. Revered by some as the chief god, he is often depicted as a hawk or a falcon.,AAAAAA==
3411,Jack Frost,A winter fairy of European descent. He leaves ice patterns on windows and nips people's noses. Though normally an innocent creature, he will freeze his victims to death if provoked.,AAAAAA==
3412,Jack Frost,A winter fairy of European descent. He leaves ice patterns on windows and nips people's noses. Though normally an innocent creature, he will freeze his victims to death if provoked.,AAAAAA==
3413,Kurama Tengu,A type of tengu said to have lived on Mt. Kurama in Kyoto. The most powerful and well-known of the tengu, they have the power to fend off disease and bring good fortune.,AAAAAA==
3414,Orthrus,The two-headed pet dog belonging to the giant Geryon of Greek myth. He guarded a herd of red oxen but was killed by Hercules during one of his twelve labors.,AAAAAA==
3415,Orthrus,The two-headed pet dog belonging to the giant Geryon of Greek myth. He guarded a herd of red oxen but was killed by Hercules during one of his twelve labors.,AAAAAA==
3416,Rangda,A wicked witch of Balinese lore, she represents evil and is Barong's eternal rival. Even if defeated, she will come back to life, and their battle will have no end.,AAAAAA==
3417,Bicorn,An evil creature with two curving horns from European folklore. It represents impurity, unlike the Unicorn. Said to be derived from Re'em in the Bible. Another legend says that it feeds off of loyal husbands.,AAAAAA==
3418,Bicorn,An evil creature with two curving horns from European folklore. It represents impurity, unlike the Unicorn. Said to be derived from Re'em in the Bible. Another legend says that it feeds off of loyal husbands.,AAAAAA==
3419,Izanagi,A Persona of another story.
One of the ancient gods who existed before Japan was formed.
He created the Oyashima from chaos, then gave birth to countless children and laid the foundation of soil and nature.,AAAAAA==
3420,Lilim,A demon who tempts sleeping men and attacks infants. She is the daughter of the demoness, Lilith. Like her mother, she drains men of their essence.,AAAAAA==
3421,Lilim,A demon who tempts sleeping men and attacks infants. She is the daughter of the demoness, Lilith. Like her mother, she drains men of their essence.,AAAAAA==
3422,Thor,The Norse thunder god and son of Odin, Thor owns the power enhancing belt, Megingjard, and wields Mjolnir, a hammer that causes lightning to strike and returns to its owner if thrown.,AAAAAA==
3423,Isis,Osiris's wife as well as his younger sister. Upon the death of her husband, she revived him with her incredible magic power. Isis is seen at many gravesites as the guardian goddess of the dead.,AAAAAA==
3424,Isis,Osiris's wife as well as his younger sister. Upon the death of her husband, she revived him with her incredible magic power. Isis is seen at many gravesites as the guardian goddess of the dead.,AAAAAA==
3425,Oberon,The king of the fairies and Titania's husband. He is quite old but, due to a curse, his looks are that of a young boy. He often flirts with human women, which sometimes earns him a scolding from his wife.,AAAAAA==
3426,Sarasvati,The Hindu goddess of rivers, and patron of speech, writing, learning, the arts, and sciences. Brahma is her husband.,AAAAAA==
3427,Sarasvati,The Hindu goddess of rivers, and patron of speech, writing, learning, the arts, and sciences. Brahma is her husband.,AAAAAA==
3428,Alice,A mysterious blond girl. She is quite powerful, despite her looks. Some say she is the ghost of a girl who died a sad death. Others say she is a spirit born from someone's imagination.,AAAAAA==
3429,Pazuzu,The Babylonian lord of wind and scorching sands. He has the body of a man, a lion's head, the claws and wings of an eagle, and has a deadly poison. The diseases he spreads can only be cured with magic.,AAAAAA==
3430,Pazuzu,The Babylonian lord of wind and scorching sands. He has the body of a man, a lion's head, the claws and wings of an eagle, and has a deadly poison. The diseases he spreads can only be cured with magic.,AAAAAA==
3431,Parvati,A beautiful Hindu goddess of love and one of Shiva's wives. Always by his side, she played a role in opening his third eye. She can turn into Durga or Kali when angered.,AAAAAA==
3432,Archangel,Eighth of the nine orders of angels. Their duty is to minister to humans and deliver messages. They are warriors of Heaven and lead Heaven's forces during battle with the armies of evil.,AAAAAA==
3433,Archangel,Eighth of the nine orders of angels. Their duty is to minister to humans and deliver messages. They are warriors of Heaven and lead Heaven's forces during battle with the armies of evil.,AAAAAA==
4001,Lilim,A demon who tempts sleeping men and attacks infants. She is the daughter of the demoness, Lilith. Like her mother, she drains men of their essence.,AAAAAA==
4002,Mokoi,Evil spirits of Murngin lore believed to be reborn shadows. They kidnap and eat children, and strike down any sorcerer who uses black magic.,AAAAAA==
4003,Alice,A mysterious blond girl. She is quite powerful, despite her looks. Some say she is the ghost of a girl who died a sad death. Others say she is a spirit born from someone's imagination.,AAAAAA==
4004,Sarasvati,The Hindu goddess of rivers, and patron of speech, writing, learning, the arts, and sciences. Brahma is her husband.,AAAAAA==
4005,Orthrus,The two-headed pet dog belonging to the giant Geryon of Greek myth. He guarded a herd of red oxen but was killed by Hercules during one of his twelve labors.,AAAAAA==
4006,Black Frost,A Jack Frost that yearned for evil. This powerful demon is born when a cute Jack Frost remembers its demonic nature.,AAAAAA==
4007,Michael,One of the four major archangels, he is at the top of the angelic hierarchy. He carries a long spear that can cut through anything, and his name means one who is like God."	AAAAAA==
4008	Michael	One of the four major archangels	 he is at the top of the angelic hierarchy. He carries a long spear that can cut through anything	 and his name means "one who is like God."	AAAAAA==
4009	Unicorn	A legendary white horse with a single spiral horn. It can only be tamed by a pure maiden	 and its horn supposedly has miraculous healing capabilities.	AAAAAA==
4010	Jack-o'-Lantern	A drunkard who tricked the Devil out of taking him to Hell. When refused entry to Heaven	 he was forced to wander the earth with only an ember as a light.	AAAAAA==
4011	Izanagi	A Persona of another story.
One of the ancient gods who existed before Japan was formed.
He created the Oyashima from chaos	 then gave birth to countless children and laid the foundation of soil and nature.	AAAAAA==
4012	Gabriel	One of the four major archangels. She is also the only female angel at this rank. Her name comes from the Sumerian word for "governor." She is the angel who told Mary of her pregnancy.	AAAAAA==
4013	Jack-o'-Lantern	A drunkard who tricked the Devil out of taking him to Hell. When refused entry to Heaven	 he was forced to wander the earth with only an ember as a light.	AAAAAA==
4014	Sarasvati	The Hindu goddess of rivers	 and patron of speech	 writing	 learning	 the arts	 and sciences. Brahma is her husband.	AAAAAA==
4015	Black Frost	A Jack Frost that yearned for evil. This powerful demon is born when a cute Jack Frost remembers its demonic nature.	AAAAAA==
4016	Lakshmi	The Hindu goddess of beauty and good fortune	 Vishnu's wife	 and Kama's mother. She is the goddess of love	 believed to have been born from an ocean of milk.	AAAAAA==
4017	Lakshmi	The Hindu goddess of beauty and good fortune	 Vishnu's wife	 and Kama's mother. She is the goddess of love	 believed to have been born from an ocean of milk.	AAAAAA==
4018	Moloch	A Canaanite god of fire. A bronze statue of a man with a bull's head stands at his altar. The statue was heated and sacrificial children were thrown inside.	AAAAAA==
4019	Oni	An evil monster from Japanese lore known for its hideous visage and brute strength. They loot and plunder villages	 massacring the townspeople with their iron clubs. They have horns on their heads	 red skin	 long claws	 and razor-sharp teeth.	AAAAAA==
4020	Lilim	A demon who tempts sleeping men and attacks infants. She is the daughter of the demoness	 Lilith. Like her mother	 she drains men of their essence.	AAAAAA==
4021	Eligor	One of the 72 demons of the Goetia. He looks like a knight and has the power to see things to come. He also knows much about war.	AAAAAA==
4022	Okuninushi	A Kunitsu deity in Japanese mythology that governs agriculture and medicine. He's said to have built the country of Izumo with Susano-o's daughter	 Suseri-Hime.	AAAAAA==
4023	Succubus	A female demon of European lore in medieval times. They visit sleeping men and have sexual intercourse with them. The victims don't wake up but may dream of the encounter.	AAAAAA==
4024	Bicorn	An evil creature with two curving horns from European folklore. It represents impurity	 unlike the Unicorn. Said to be derived from Re'em in the Bible. Another legend says that it feeds off of loyal husbands.	AAAAAA==
4025	Oni	An evil monster from Japanese lore known for its hideous visage and brute strength. They loot and plunder villages	 massacring the townspeople with their iron clubs. They have horns on their heads	 red skin	 long claws	 and razor-sharp teeth.	AAAAAA==
4026	Thor	The Norse thunder god and son of Odin	 Thor owns the power enhancing belt	 Megingjard	 and wields Mjolnir	 a hammer that causes lightning to strike and returns to its owner if thrown.	AAAAAA==
4027	Dominion	The fourth of the nine orders of angels. Their duty is to oversee the other angels. Their actions are the manifestation of God's will.	AAAAAA==
4028	Eligor	One of the 72 demons of the Goetia. He looks like a knight and has the power to see things to come. He also knows much about war.	AAAAAA==
4029	Parvati	A beautiful Hindu goddess of love and one of Shiva's wives. Always by his side	 she played a role in opening his third eye. She can turn into Durga or Kali when angered.	AAAAAA==
4030	Moloch	A Canaanite god of fire. A bronze statue of a man with a bull's head stands at his altar. The statue was heated and sacrificial children were thrown inside.	AAAAAA==
4031	Isis	Osiris's wife as well as his younger sister. Upon the death of her husband	 she revived him with her incredible magic power. Isis is seen at many gravesites as the guardian goddess of the dead.	AAAAAA==
4032	Agathion	A general term for familiars used by Judeo-Christian magicians	 they are usually sealed away in bottles	 rings	 or talismans. They torment the target selected by the conjuror.	AAAAAA==
4033	Kohryu	Known as the Gold Dragon	 it reigns over the Ssu-Ling	 celestial creatures of Chinese lore. It is located at the center of the four beasts.	AAAAAA==
4034	Jack Frost	A winter fairy of European descent. He leaves ice patterns on windows and nips people's noses. Though normally an innocent creature	 he will freeze his victims to death if provoked.	AAAAAA==
4035	Jack Frost	A winter fairy of European descent. He leaves ice patterns on windows and nips people's noses. Though normally an innocent creature	 he will freeze his victims to death if provoked.	AAAAAA==
4036	Lamia	A half-human	 half-snake female monster of Greek myth	 she was once the queen of Libya. Zeus's jealous wife	 Hera	 killed her children	 causing her to go mad and transform into a monster.	AAAAAA==
4037	Kurama Tengu	A type of tengu said to have lived on Mt. Kurama in Kyoto. The most powerful and well-known of the tengu	 they have the power to fend off disease and bring good fortune.	AAAAAA==
4038	Jatayu	The Hindu king of birds. In the Ramayana	 he fought bravely against Ravana in an attempt to save Sita	 Rama's wife and the seventh avatar of Vishnu	 but lost.	AAAAAA==
4039	Michael	One of the four major archangels	 he is at the top of the angelic hierarchy. He carries a long spear that can cut through anything	 and his name means "one who is like God."	AAAAAA==
4040	Suzaku	One of the Ssu-Ling	 celestial creatures of Chinese myth. It is a giant bird that is said to chirp in five beautiful voices. It represents the direction south	 the season of summer	 and the element of fire.	AAAAAA==
4041	Eligor	One of the 72 demons of the Goetia. He looks like a knight and has the power to see things to come. He also knows much about war.	AAAAAA==
4042	Neko Shogun	A prophetic Taoist god	 originally known as Mao Shogun. Due to a linguistic error involving the Chinese word for "cat	 his name was changed to Neko Shogun.,AAAAAA==
4043,Archangel,Eighth of the nine orders of angels. Their duty is to minister to humans and deliver messages. They are warriors of Heaven and lead Heaven's forces during battle with the armies of evil.,AAAAAA==
4044,Jack-o'-Lantern,A drunkard who tricked the Devil out of taking him to Hell. When refused entry to Heaven, he was forced to wander the earth with only an ember as a light.,AAAAAA==
4045,Archangel,Eighth of the nine orders of angels. Their duty is to minister to humans and deliver messages. They are warriors of Heaven and lead Heaven's forces during battle with the armies of evil.,AAAAAA==
4046,Okuninushi,A Kunitsu deity in Japanese mythology that governs agriculture and medicine. He's said to have built the country of Izumo with Susano-o's daughter, Suseri-Hime.,AAAAAA==
4047,Yoshitsune,A Japanese general of the Genpei War near the end of the Heian era and start of the Kamakura era. His bold ingenuity and ruthless skill with a blade are still praised in Japan today.,AAAAAA==
4048,Jatayu,The Hindu king of birds. In the Ramayana, he fought bravely against Ravana in an attempt to save Sita, Rama's wife and the seventh avatar of Vishnu, but lost.,AAAAAA==
4049,Kohryu,Known as the Gold Dragon, it reigns over the Ssu-Ling, celestial creatures of Chinese lore. It is located at the center of the four beasts.,AAAAAA==
4050,Anubis,The jackal-headed god of the dead and embalming from Egyptian myth. He weighs the hearts of the dead to determine their final destination.,AAAAAA==
4051,Unicorn,A legendary white horse with a single spiral horn. It can only be tamed by a pure maiden, and its horn supposedly has miraculous healing capabilities.,AAAAAA==
4052,Suzaku,One of the Ssu-Ling, celestial creatures of Chinese myth. It is a giant bird that is said to chirp in five beautiful voices. It represents the direction south, the season of summer, and the element of fire.,AAAAAA==
4053,Jack Frost,A winter fairy of European descent. He leaves ice patterns on windows and nips people's noses. Though normally an innocent creature, he will freeze his victims to death if provoked.,AAAAAA==
4054,Neko Shogun,A prophetic Taoist god, originally known as Mao Shogun. Due to a linguistic error involving the Chinese word for cat	 his name was changed to Neko Shogun.,AAAAAA==
4055,Dominion,The fourth of the nine orders of angels. Their duty is to oversee the other angels. Their actions are the manifestation of God's will.,AAAAAA==
4056,Lamia,A half-human, half-snake female monster of Greek myth, she was once the queen of Libya. Zeus's jealous wife, Hera, killed her children, causing her to go mad and transform into a monster.,AAAAAA==
4057,King Frost,The king of snow who rules over an infinite number of Jack Frosts. He has the power to freeze the entire world, but is unaware of it due to his naïve personality.,AAAAAA==
4058,Asterius,No Details,AAAAAA==
4059,Bicorn,An evil creature with two curving horns from European folklore. It represents impurity, unlike the Unicorn. Said to be derived from Re'em in the Bible. Another legend says that it feeds off of loyal husbands.,AAAAAA==
4060,Agathion,A general term for familiars used by Judeo-Christian magicians, they are usually sealed away in bottles, rings, or talismans. They torment the target selected by the conjuror.,AAAAAA==
4061,Clotho,The youngest of the three Moirae Sisters of Greek legend. She spins the threads of life with her spindle.,AAAAAA==
4062,Asterius,No Details,AAAAAA==
4063,King Frost,The king of snow who rules over an infinite number of Jack Frosts. He has the power to freeze the entire world, but is unaware of it due to his naïve personality.,AAAAAA==
4064,Lakshmi,The Hindu goddess of beauty and good fortune, Vishnu's wife, and Kama's mother. She is the goddess of love, believed to have been born from an ocean of milk.,AAAAAA==
4065,Byakko,One of the Ssu-Ling, celestial creatures of Chinese myth. It represents the direction west, the season of autumn, and the element of metal. He is believed to be the king of all beasts.,AAAAAA==
4066,Succubus,A female demon of European lore in medieval times. They visit sleeping men and have sexual intercourse with them. The victims don't wake up but may dream of the encounter.,AAAAAA==
4067,Oni,An evil monster from Japanese lore known for its hideous visage and brute strength. They loot and plunder villages, massacring the townspeople with their iron clubs. They have horns on their heads, red skin, long claws, and razor-sharp teeth.,AAAAAA==
4068,Orthrus,The two-headed pet dog belonging to the giant Geryon of Greek myth. He guarded a herd of red oxen but was killed by Hercules during one of his twelve labors.,AAAAAA==
4069,Mokoi,Evil spirits of Murngin lore believed to be reborn shadows. They kidnap and eat children, and strike down any sorcerer who uses black magic.,AAAAAA==
4070,Cu Chulainn,A hero in Celtic folklore. He was called Setanta until he earned the name, Culann's Hound." There are many tales of his adventures. He received his spear	 Gae Bolg	 from his mentor	 Scathach.	AAAAAA==
4071	Jack-o'-Lantern	A drunkard who tricked the Devil out of taking him to Hell. When refused entry to Heaven	 he was forced to wander the earth with only an ember as a light.	AAAAAA==
4072	Mokoi	Evil spirits of Murngin lore believed to be reborn shadows. They kidnap and eat children	 and strike down any sorcerer who uses black magic.	AAAAAA==
4073	Dominion	The fourth of the nine orders of angels. Their duty is to oversee the other angels. Their actions are the manifestation of God's will.	AAAAAA==
4074	Succubus	A female demon of European lore in medieval times. They visit sleeping men and have sexual intercourse with them. The victims don't wake up but may dream of the encounter.	AAAAAA==
4075	Kurama Tengu	A type of tengu said to have lived on Mt. Kurama in Kyoto. The most powerful and well-known of the tengu	 they have the power to fend off disease and bring good fortune.	AAAAAA==
4076	Kurama Tengu	A type of tengu said to have lived on Mt. Kurama in Kyoto. The most powerful and well-known of the tengu	 they have the power to fend off disease and bring good fortune.	AAAAAA==
4077	Sarasvati	The Hindu goddess of rivers	 and patron of speech	 writing	 learning	 the arts	 and sciences. Brahma is her husband.	AAAAAA==
4078	Agathion	A general term for familiars used by Judeo-Christian magicians	 they are usually sealed away in bottles	 rings	 or talismans. They torment the target selected by the conjuror.	AAAAAA==
4079	Black Frost	A Jack Frost that yearned for evil. This powerful demon is born when a cute Jack Frost remembers its demonic nature.	AAAAAA==
4080	Moloch	A Canaanite god of fire. A bronze statue of a man with a bull's head stands at his altar. The statue was heated and sacrificial children were thrown inside.	AAAAAA==
4081	Byakko	One of the Ssu-Ling	 celestial creatures of Chinese myth. It represents the direction west	 the season of autumn	 and the element of metal. He is believed to be the king of all beasts.	AAAAAA==
4082	Byakko	One of the Ssu-Ling	 celestial creatures of Chinese myth. It represents the direction west	 the season of autumn	 and the element of metal. He is believed to be the king of all beasts.	AAAAAA==
4083	Asterius	No Details	AAAAAA==
4084	Neko Shogun	A prophetic Taoist god	 originally known as Mao Shogun. Due to a linguistic error involving the Chinese word for "cat	 his name was changed to Neko Shogun.,AAAAAA==
4085,Moloch,A Canaanite god of fire. A bronze statue of a man with a bull's head stands at his altar. The statue was heated and sacrificial children were thrown inside.,AAAAAA==
4086,Anubis,The jackal-headed god of the dead and embalming from Egyptian myth. He weighs the hearts of the dead to determine their final destination.,AAAAAA==
4087,Horus,An ancient god of Egypt whose eyes are the sun and moon. Revered by some as the chief god, he is often depicted as a hawk or a falcon.,AAAAAA==
4088,Rangda,A wicked witch of Balinese lore, she represents evil and is Barong's eternal rival. Even if defeated, she will come back to life, and their battle will have no end.,AAAAAA==
4089,Neko Shogun,A prophetic Taoist god, originally known as Mao Shogun. Due to a linguistic error involving the Chinese word for cat	 his name was changed to Neko Shogun.,AAAAAA==
4090,Rangda,A wicked witch of Balinese lore, she represents evil and is Barong's eternal rival. Even if defeated, she will come back to life, and their battle will have no end.,AAAAAA==
4091,Kohryu,Known as the Gold Dragon, it reigns over the Ssu-Ling, celestial creatures of Chinese lore. It is located at the center of the four beasts.,AAAAAA==
4092,Byakko,One of the Ssu-Ling, celestial creatures of Chinese myth. It represents the direction west, the season of autumn, and the element of metal. He is believed to be the king of all beasts.,AAAAAA==
4093,Alice,A mysterious blond girl. She is quite powerful, despite her looks. Some say she is the ghost of a girl who died a sad death. Others say she is a spirit born from someone's imagination.,AAAAAA==
4094,Sandalphon,Metatron's twin brother in Judeo-Christian lore, he is the master of heavenly songs. It is said that a human would take 500 years to walk the length of his body.,AAAAAA==
4095,Bicorn,An evil creature with two curving horns from European folklore. It represents impurity, unlike the Unicorn. Said to be derived from Re'em in the Bible. Another legend says that it feeds off of loyal husbands.,AAAAAA==
4096,Kurama Tengu,A type of tengu said to have lived on Mt. Kurama in Kyoto. The most powerful and well-known of the tengu, they have the power to fend off disease and bring good fortune.,AAAAAA==
4097,Lilim,A demon who tempts sleeping men and attacks infants. She is the daughter of the demoness, Lilith. Like her mother, she drains men of their essence.,AAAAAA==
4098,Sarasvati,The Hindu goddess of rivers, and patron of speech, writing, learning, the arts, and sciences. Brahma is her husband.,AAAAAA==
4099,Oberon,The king of the fairies and Titania's husband. He is quite old but, due to a curse, his looks are that of a young boy. He often flirts with human women, which sometimes earns him a scolding from his wife.,AAAAAA==
4100,King Frost,The king of snow who rules over an infinite number of Jack Frosts. He has the power to freeze the entire world, but is unaware of it due to his naïve personality.,AAAAAA==
4101,Lilim,A demon who tempts sleeping men and attacks infants. She is the daughter of the demoness, Lilith. Like her mother, she drains men of their essence.,AAAAAA==
4102,Suzaku,One of the Ssu-Ling, celestial creatures of Chinese myth. It is a giant bird that is said to chirp in five beautiful voices. It represents the direction south, the season of summer, and the element of fire.,AAAAAA==
4103,Pazuzu,The Babylonian lord of wind and scorching sands. He has the body of a man, a lion's head, the claws and wings of an eagle, and has a deadly poison. The diseases he spreads can only be cured with magic.,AAAAAA==
4104,Horus,An ancient god of Egypt whose eyes are the sun and moon. Revered by some as the chief god, he is often depicted as a hawk or a falcon.,AAAAAA==
4105,Orthrus,The two-headed pet dog belonging to the giant Geryon of Greek myth. He guarded a herd of red oxen but was killed by Hercules during one of his twelve labors.,AAAAAA==
4106,Isis,Osiris's wife as well as his younger sister. Upon the death of her husband, she revived him with her incredible magic power. Isis is seen at many gravesites as the guardian goddess of the dead.,AAAAAA==
4107,Suzaku,One of the Ssu-Ling, celestial creatures of Chinese myth. It is a giant bird that is said to chirp in five beautiful voices. It represents the direction south, the season of summer, and the element of fire.,AAAAAA==
4108,Oberon,The king of the fairies and Titania's husband. He is quite old but, due to a curse, his looks are that of a young boy. He often flirts with human women, which sometimes earns him a scolding from his wife.,AAAAAA==
4109,Cu Chulainn,A hero in Celtic folklore. He was called Setanta until he earned the name, Culann's Hound." There are many tales of his adventures. He received his spear	 Gae Bolg	 from his mentor	 Scathach.	AAAAAA==
4110	Jatayu	The Hindu king of birds. In the Ramayana	 he fought bravely against Ravana in an attempt to save Sita	 Rama's wife and the seventh avatar of Vishnu	 but lost.	AAAAAA==
4111	Jack-o'-Lantern	A drunkard who tricked the Devil out of taking him to Hell. When refused entry to Heaven	 he was forced to wander the earth with only an ember as a light.	AAAAAA==
4112	Anubis	The jackal-headed god of the dead and embalming from Egyptian myth. He weighs the hearts of the dead to determine their final destination.	AAAAAA==
4113	Lamia	A half-human	 half-snake female monster of Greek myth	 she was once the queen of Libya. Zeus's jealous wife	 Hera	 killed her children	 causing her to go mad and transform into a monster.	AAAAAA==
4114	Yoshitsune	A Japanese general of the Genpei War near the end of the Heian era and start of the Kamakura era. His bold ingenuity and ruthless skill with a blade are still praised in Japan today.	AAAAAA==
4115	Lakshmi	The Hindu goddess of beauty and good fortune	 Vishnu's wife	 and Kama's mother. She is the goddess of love	 believed to have been born from an ocean of milk.	AAAAAA==
4116	Succubus	A female demon of European lore in medieval times. They visit sleeping men and have sexual intercourse with them. The victims don't wake up but may dream of the encounter.	AAAAAA==
4117	Isis	Osiris's wife as well as his younger sister. Upon the death of her husband	 she revived him with her incredible magic power. Isis is seen at many gravesites as the guardian goddess of the dead.	AAAAAA==
4118	Cu Chulainn	A hero in Celtic folklore. He was called Setanta until he earned the name	 "Culann's Hound." There are many tales of his adventures. He received his spear	 Gae Bolg	 from his mentor	 Scathach.	AAAAAA==
4119	Suzaku	One of the Ssu-Ling	 celestial creatures of Chinese myth. It is a giant bird that is said to chirp in five beautiful voices. It represents the direction south	 the season of summer	 and the element of fire.	AAAAAA==
4120	Mokoi	Evil spirits of Murngin lore believed to be reborn shadows. They kidnap and eat children	 and strike down any sorcerer who uses black magic.	AAAAAA==
4121	Unicorn	A legendary white horse with a single spiral horn. It can only be tamed by a pure maiden	 and its horn supposedly has miraculous healing capabilities.	AAAAAA==
4122	Dominion	The fourth of the nine orders of angels. Their duty is to oversee the other angels. Their actions are the manifestation of God's will.	AAAAAA==
4123	Gabriel	One of the four major archangels. She is also the only female angel at this rank. Her name comes from the Sumerian word for "governor." She is the angel who told Mary of her pregnancy.	AAAAAA==
4124	Archangel	Eighth of the nine orders of angels. Their duty is to minister to humans and deliver messages. They are warriors of Heaven and lead Heaven's forces during battle with the armies of evil.	AAAAAA==
4125	Titania	The queen of the fairies and Oberon's wife. She is derived from the Roman goddess Diana. She was later immortalized in Shakespeare's play "A Midsummer Night's Dream."	AAAAAA==
4126	Thor	The Norse thunder god and son of Odin	 Thor owns the power enhancing belt	 Megingjard	 and wields Mjolnir	 a hammer that causes lightning to strike and returns to its owner if thrown.	AAAAAA==
4127	Titania	The queen of the fairies and Oberon's wife. She is derived from the Roman goddess Diana. She was later immortalized in Shakespeare's play "A Midsummer Night's Dream."	AAAAAA==
4128	Michael	One of the four major archangels	 he is at the top of the angelic hierarchy. He carries a long spear that can cut through anything	 and his name means "one who is like God."	AAAAAA==
4129	Titania	The queen of the fairies and Oberon's wife. She is derived from the Roman goddess Diana. She was later immortalized in Shakespeare's play "A Midsummer Night's Dream."	AAAAAA==
4130	Orthrus	The two-headed pet dog belonging to the giant Geryon of Greek myth. He guarded a herd of red oxen but was killed by Hercules during one of his twelve labors.	AAAAAA==
4131	Thor	The Norse thunder god and son of Odin	 Thor owns the power enhancing belt	 Megingjard	 and wields Mjolnir	 a hammer that causes lightning to strike and returns to its owner if thrown.	AAAAAA==
4132	Anubis	The jackal-headed god of the dead and embalming from Egyptian myth. He weighs the hearts of the dead to determine their final destination.	AAAAAA==
4133	Rangda	A wicked witch of Balinese lore	 she represents evil and is Barong's eternal rival. Even if defeated	 she will come back to life	 and their battle will have no end.	AAAAAA==
4134	Bicorn	An evil creature with two curving horns from European folklore. It represents impurity	 unlike the Unicorn. Said to be derived from Re'em in the Bible. Another legend says that it feeds off of loyal husbands.	AAAAAA==
4135	Sandalphon	Metatron's twin brother in Judeo-Christian lore	 he is the master of heavenly songs. It is said that a human would take 500 years to walk the length of his body.	AAAAAA==
4136	Cu Chulainn	A hero in Celtic folklore. He was called Setanta until he earned the name	 "Culann's Hound." There are many tales of his adventures. He received his spear	 Gae Bolg	 from his mentor	 Scathach.	AAAAAA==
4137	Thor	The Norse thunder god and son of Odin	 Thor owns the power enhancing belt	 Megingjard	 and wields Mjolnir	 a hammer that causes lightning to strike and returns to its owner if thrown.	AAAAAA==
4138	Kohryu	Known as the Gold Dragon	 it reigns over the Ssu-Ling	 celestial creatures of Chinese lore. It is located at the center of the four beasts.	AAAAAA==
4139	Horus	An ancient god of Egypt whose eyes are the sun and moon. Revered by some as the chief god	 he is often depicted as a hawk or a falcon.	AAAAAA==
4140	Clotho	The youngest of the three Moirae Sisters of Greek legend. She spins the threads of life with her spindle.	AAAAAA==
4141	Asterius	No Details	AAAAAA==
4142	King Frost	The king of snow who rules over an infinite number of Jack Frosts. He has the power to freeze the entire world	 but is unaware of it due to his naïve personality.	AAAAAA==
4143	Thor	The Norse thunder god and son of Odin	 Thor owns the power enhancing belt	 Megingjard	 and wields Mjolnir	 a hammer that causes lightning to strike and returns to its owner if thrown.	AAAAAA==
4144	Archangel	Eighth of the nine orders of angels. Their duty is to minister to humans and deliver messages. They are warriors of Heaven and lead Heaven's forces during battle with the armies of evil.	AAAAAA==
4145	Succubus	A female demon of European lore in medieval times. They visit sleeping men and have sexual intercourse with them. The victims don't wake up but may dream of the encounter.	AAAAAA==
4146	Oberon	The king of the fairies and Titania's husband. He is quite old but	 due to a curse	 his looks are that of a young boy. He often flirts with human women	 which sometimes earns him a scolding from his wife.	AAAAAA==
4147	Clotho	The youngest of the three Moirae Sisters of Greek legend. She spins the threads of life with her spindle.	AAAAAA==
4148	King Frost	The king of snow who rules over an infinite number of Jack Frosts. He has the power to freeze the entire world	 but is unaware of it due to his naïve personality.	AAAAAA==
4149	Alice	A mysterious blond girl. She is quite powerful	 despite her looks. Some say she is the ghost of a girl who died a sad death. Others say she is a spirit born from someone's imagination.	AAAAAA==
4150	Jatayu	The Hindu king of birds. In the Ramayana	 he fought bravely against Ravana in an attempt to save Sita	 Rama's wife and the seventh avatar of Vishnu	 but lost.	AAAAAA==
4151	Okuninushi	A Kunitsu deity in Japanese mythology that governs agriculture and medicine. He's said to have built the country of Izumo with Susano-o's daughter	 Suseri-Hime.	AAAAAA==
4152	Gabriel	One of the four major archangels. She is also the only female angel at this rank. Her name comes from the Sumerian word for "governor." She is the angel who told Mary of her pregnancy.	AAAAAA==
4153	Lamia	A half-human	 half-snake female monster of Greek myth	 she was once the queen of Libya. Zeus's jealous wife	 Hera	 killed her children	 causing her to go mad and transform into a monster.	AAAAAA==
4154	Orthrus	The two-headed pet dog belonging to the giant Geryon of Greek myth. He guarded a herd of red oxen but was killed by Hercules during one of his twelve labors.	AAAAAA==
4155	Agathion	A general term for familiars used by Judeo-Christian magicians	 they are usually sealed away in bottles	 rings	 or talismans. They torment the target selected by the conjuror.	AAAAAA==
4156	Agathion	A general term for familiars used by Judeo-Christian magicians	 they are usually sealed away in bottles	 rings	 or talismans. They torment the target selected by the conjuror.	AAAAAA==
4157	Neko Shogun	A prophetic Taoist god	 originally known as Mao Shogun. Due to a linguistic error involving the Chinese word for "cat	 his name was changed to Neko Shogun.,AAAAAA==
4158,Izanagi,A Persona of another story.
One of the ancient gods who existed before Japan was formed.
He created the Oyashima from chaos, then gave birth to countless children and laid the foundation of soil and nature.,AAAAAA==
4159,Parvati,A beautiful Hindu goddess of love and one of Shiva's wives. Always by his side, she played a role in opening his third eye. She can turn into Durga or Kali when angered.,AAAAAA==
4160,Black Frost,A Jack Frost that yearned for evil. This powerful demon is born when a cute Jack Frost remembers its demonic nature.,AAAAAA==
4161,Lilim,A demon who tempts sleeping men and attacks infants. She is the daughter of the demoness, Lilith. Like her mother, she drains men of their essence.,AAAAAA==
4162,Horus,An ancient god of Egypt whose eyes are the sun and moon. Revered by some as the chief god, he is often depicted as a hawk or a falcon.,AAAAAA==
4163,Alice,A mysterious blond girl. She is quite powerful, despite her looks. Some say she is the ghost of a girl who died a sad death. Others say she is a spirit born from someone's imagination.,AAAAAA==
4164,Lamia,A half-human, half-snake female monster of Greek myth, she was once the queen of Libya. Zeus's jealous wife, Hera, killed her children, causing her to go mad and transform into a monster.,AAAAAA==
4165,Byakko,One of the Ssu-Ling, celestial creatures of Chinese myth. It represents the direction west, the season of autumn, and the element of metal. He is believed to be the king of all beasts.,AAAAAA==
4166,Titania,The queen of the fairies and Oberon's wife. She is derived from the Roman goddess Diana. She was later immortalized in Shakespeare's play A Midsummer Night's Dream."	AAAAAA==
4167	Oberon	The king of the fairies and Titania's husband. He is quite old but	 due to a curse	 his looks are that of a young boy. He often flirts with human women	 which sometimes earns him a scolding from his wife.	AAAAAA==
4168	Oni	An evil monster from Japanese lore known for its hideous visage and brute strength. They loot and plunder villages	 massacring the townspeople with their iron clubs. They have horns on their heads	 red skin	 long claws	 and razor-sharp teeth.	AAAAAA==
4169	Dominion	The fourth of the nine orders of angels. Their duty is to oversee the other angels. Their actions are the manifestation of God's will.	AAAAAA==
4170	Gabriel	One of the four major archangels. She is also the only female angel at this rank. Her name comes from the Sumerian word for "governor." She is the angel who told Mary of her pregnancy.	AAAAAA==
4171	Oberon	The king of the fairies and Titania's husband. He is quite old but	 due to a curse	 his looks are that of a young boy. He often flirts with human women	 which sometimes earns him a scolding from his wife.	AAAAAA==
4172	Sarasvati	The Hindu goddess of rivers	 and patron of speech	 writing	 learning	 the arts	 and sciences. Brahma is her husband.	AAAAAA==
4173	Jack Frost	A winter fairy of European descent. He leaves ice patterns on windows and nips people's noses. Though normally an innocent creature	 he will freeze his victims to death if provoked.	AAAAAA==
4174	Pazuzu	The Babylonian lord of wind and scorching sands. He has the body of a man	 a lion's head	 the claws and wings of an eagle	 and has a deadly poison. The diseases he spreads can only be cured with magic.	AAAAAA==
4175	Clotho	The youngest of the three Moirae Sisters of Greek legend. She spins the threads of life with her spindle.	AAAAAA==
4176	Yoshitsune	A Japanese general of the Genpei War near the end of the Heian era and start of the Kamakura era. His bold ingenuity and ruthless skill with a blade are still praised in Japan today.	AAAAAA==
4177	Okuninushi	A Kunitsu deity in Japanese mythology that governs agriculture and medicine. He's said to have built the country of Izumo with Susano-o's daughter	 Suseri-Hime.	AAAAAA==
4178	Yoshitsune	A Japanese general of the Genpei War near the end of the Heian era and start of the Kamakura era. His bold ingenuity and ruthless skill with a blade are still praised in Japan today.	AAAAAA==
4179	Asterius	No Details	AAAAAA==
4180	Eligor	One of the 72 demons of the Goetia. He looks like a knight and has the power to see things to come. He also knows much about war.	AAAAAA==
4181	Jack Frost	A winter fairy of European descent. He leaves ice patterns on windows and nips people's noses. Though normally an innocent creature	 he will freeze his victims to death if provoked.	AAAAAA==
4182	Black Frost	A Jack Frost that yearned for evil. This powerful demon is born when a cute Jack Frost remembers its demonic nature.	AAAAAA==
4183	Kohryu	Known as the Gold Dragon	 it reigns over the Ssu-Ling	 celestial creatures of Chinese lore. It is located at the center of the four beasts.	AAAAAA==
4184	Rangda	A wicked witch of Balinese lore	 she represents evil and is Barong's eternal rival. Even if defeated	 she will come back to life	 and their battle will have no end.	AAAAAA==
4185	Okuninushi	A Kunitsu deity in Japanese mythology that governs agriculture and medicine. He's said to have built the country of Izumo with Susano-o's daughter	 Suseri-Hime.	AAAAAA==
4186	Lakshmi	The Hindu goddess of beauty and good fortune	 Vishnu's wife	 and Kama's mother. She is the goddess of love	 believed to have been born from an ocean of milk.	AAAAAA==
4187	Jatayu	The Hindu king of birds. In the Ramayana	 he fought bravely against Ravana in an attempt to save Sita	 Rama's wife and the seventh avatar of Vishnu	 but lost.	AAAAAA==
4188	Izanagi	A Persona of another story.
One of the ancient gods who existed before Japan was formed.
He created the Oyashima from chaos	 then gave birth to countless children and laid the foundation of soil and nature.	AAAAAA==
4189	Cu Chulainn	A hero in Celtic folklore. He was called Setanta until he earned the name	 "Culann's Hound." There are many tales of his adventures. He received his spear	 Gae Bolg	 from his mentor	 Scathach.	AAAAAA==
4190	Unicorn	A legendary white horse with a single spiral horn. It can only be tamed by a pure maiden	 and its horn supposedly has miraculous healing capabilities.	AAAAAA==
4191	Gabriel	One of the four major archangels. She is also the only female angel at this rank. Her name comes from the Sumerian word for "governor." She is the angel who told Mary of her pregnancy.	AAAAAA==
4192	Parvati	A beautiful Hindu goddess of love and one of Shiva's wives. Always by his side	 she played a role in opening his third eye. She can turn into Durga or Kali when angered.	AAAAAA==
4193	Izanagi	A Persona of another story.
One of the ancient gods who existed before Japan was formed.
He created the Oyashima from chaos	 then gave birth to countless children and laid the foundation of soil and nature.	AAAAAA==
4194	Horus	An ancient god of Egypt whose eyes are the sun and moon. Revered by some as the chief god	 he is often depicted as a hawk or a falcon.	AAAAAA==
4195	Sandalphon	Metatron's twin brother in Judeo-Christian lore	 he is the master of heavenly songs. It is said that a human would take 500 years to walk the length of his body.	AAAAAA==
4196	Isis	Osiris's wife as well as his younger sister. Upon the death of her husband	 she revived him with her incredible magic power. Isis is seen at many gravesites as the guardian goddess of the dead.	AAAAAA==
4197	Izanagi	A Persona of another story.
One of the ancient gods who existed before Japan was formed.
He created the Oyashima from chaos	 then gave birth to countless children and laid the foundation of soil and nature.	AAAAAA==
4198	Yoshitsune	A Japanese general of the Genpei War near the end of the Heian era and start of the Kamakura era. His bold ingenuity and ruthless skill with a blade are still praised in Japan today.	AAAAAA==
4199	Alice	A mysterious blond girl. She is quite powerful	 despite her looks. Some say she is the ghost of a girl who died a sad death. Others say she is a spirit born from someone's imagination.	AAAAAA==
4200	Pazuzu	The Babylonian lord of wind and scorching sands. He has the body of a man	 a lion's head	 the claws and wings of an eagle	 and has a deadly poison. The diseases he spreads can only be cured with magic.	AAAAAA==
4201	Mokoi	Evil spirits of Murngin lore believed to be reborn shadows. They kidnap and eat children	 and strike down any sorcerer who uses black magic.	AAAAAA==
4202	Dominion	The fourth of the nine orders of angels. Their duty is to oversee the other angels. Their actions are the manifestation of God's will.	AAAAAA==
4203	Isis	Osiris's wife as well as his younger sister. Upon the death of her husband	 she revived him with her incredible magic power. Isis is seen at many gravesites as the guardian goddess of the dead.	AAAAAA==
4204	Clotho	The youngest of the three Moirae Sisters of Greek legend. She spins the threads of life with her spindle.	AAAAAA==
4205	Sandalphon	Metatron's twin brother in Judeo-Christian lore	 he is the master of heavenly songs. It is said that a human would take 500 years to walk the length of his body.	AAAAAA==
4206	Thor	The Norse thunder god and son of Odin	 Thor owns the power enhancing belt	 Megingjard	 and wields Mjolnir	 a hammer that causes lightning to strike and returns to its owner if thrown.	AAAAAA==
4207	Anubis	The jackal-headed god of the dead and embalming from Egyptian myth. He weighs the hearts of the dead to determine their final destination.	AAAAAA==
4208	Parvati	A beautiful Hindu goddess of love and one of Shiva's wives. Always by his side	 she played a role in opening his third eye. She can turn into Durga or Kali when angered.	AAAAAA==
4209	Jack-o'-Lantern	A drunkard who tricked the Devil out of taking him to Hell. When refused entry to Heaven	 he was forced to wander the earth with only an ember as a light.	AAAAAA==
4210	Jack-o'-Lantern	A drunkard who tricked the Devil out of taking him to Hell. When refused entry to Heaven	 he was forced to wander the earth with only an ember as a light.	AAAAAA==
4211	Succubus	A female demon of European lore in medieval times. They visit sleeping men and have sexual intercourse with them. The victims don't wake up but may dream of the encounter.	AAAAAA==
4212	Succubus	A female demon of European lore in medieval times. They visit sleeping men and have sexual intercourse with them. The victims don't wake up but may dream of the encounter.	AAAAAA==
4213	Bicorn	An evil creature with two curving horns from European folklore. It represents impurity	 unlike the Unicorn. Said to be derived from Re'em in the Bible. Another legend says that it feeds off of loyal husbands.	AAAAAA==
4214	Eligor	One of the 72 demons of the Goetia. He looks like a knight and has the power to see things to come. He also knows much about war.	AAAAAA==
4215	Bicorn	An evil creature with two curving horns from European folklore. It represents impurity	 unlike the Unicorn. Said to be derived from Re'em in the Bible. Another legend says that it feeds off of loyal husbands.	AAAAAA==
4216	Jack-o'-Lantern	A drunkard who tricked the Devil out of taking him to Hell. When refused entry to Heaven	 he was forced to wander the earth with only an ember as a light.	AAAAAA==
4217	Jack-o'-Lantern	A drunkard who tricked the Devil out of taking him to Hell. When refused entry to Heaven	 he was forced to wander the earth with only an ember as a light.	AAAAAA==
4218	Jack-o'-Lantern	A drunkard who tricked the Devil out of taking him to Hell. When refused entry to Heaven	 he was forced to wander the earth with only an ember as a light.	AAAAAA==
4219	Jack-o'-Lantern	A drunkard who tricked the Devil out of taking him to Hell. When refused entry to Heaven	 he was forced to wander the earth with only an ember as a light.	AAAAAA==
4220	Bicorn	An evil creature with two curving horns from European folklore. It represents impurity	 unlike the Unicorn. Said to be derived from Re'em in the Bible. Another legend says that it feeds off of loyal husbands.	AAAAAA==
4221	Jack-o'-Lantern	A drunkard who tricked the Devil out of taking him to Hell. When refused entry to Heaven	 he was forced to wander the earth with only an ember as a light.	AAAAAA==
4222	Jack-o'-Lantern	A drunkard who tricked the Devil out of taking him to Hell. When refused entry to Heaven	 he was forced to wander the earth with only an ember as a light.	AAAAAA==
4223	Jack-o'-Lantern	A drunkard who tricked the Devil out of taking him to Hell. When refused entry to Heaven	 he was forced to wander the earth with only an ember as a light.	AAAAAA==
4224	Eligor	One of the 72 demons of the Goetia. He looks like a knight and has the power to see things to come. He also knows much about war.	AAAAAA==
4225	Bicorn	An evil creature with two curving horns from European folklore. It represents impurity	 unlike the Unicorn. Said to be derived from Re'em in the Bible. Another legend says that it feeds off of loyal husbands.	AAAAAA==
4226	Bicorn	An evil creature with two curving horns from European folklore. It represents impurity	 unlike the Unicorn. Said to be derived from Re'em in the Bible. Another legend says that it feeds off of loyal husbands.	AAAAAA==
4227	Jack-o'-Lantern	A drunkard who tricked the Devil out of taking him to Hell. When refused entry to Heaven	 he was forced to wander the earth with only an ember as a light.	AAAAAA==
4228	Jack-o'-Lantern	A drunkard who tricked the Devil out of taking him to Hell. When refused entry to Heaven	 he was forced to wander the earth with only an ember as a light.	AAAAAA==
4229	Jack-o'-Lantern	A drunkard who tricked the Devil out of taking him to Hell. When refused entry to Heaven	 he was forced to wander the earth with only an ember as a light.	AAAAAA==
4230	Jack-o'-Lantern	A drunkard who tricked the Devil out of taking him to Hell. When refused entry to Heaven	 he was forced to wander the earth with only an ember as a light.	AAAAAA==
4231	Jack-o'-Lantern	A drunkard who tricked the Devil out of taking him to Hell. When refused entry to Heaven	 he was forced to wander the earth with only an ember as a light.	AAAAAA==
4232	Bicorn	An evil creature with two curving horns from European folklore. It represents impurity	 unlike the Unicorn. Said to be derived from Re'em in the Bible. Another legend says that it feeds off of loyal husbands.	AAAAAA==
4233	Jack-o'-Lantern	A drunkard who tricked the Devil out of taking him to Hell. When refused entry to Heaven	 he was forced to wander the earth with only an ember as a light.	AAAAAA==
4234	Jack-o'-Lantern	A drunkard who tricked the Devil out of taking him to Hell. When refused entry to Heaven	 he was forced to wander the earth with only an ember as a light.	AAAAAA==
4235	Bicorn	An evil creature with two curving horns from European folklore. It represents impurity	 unlike the Unicorn. Said to be derived from Re'em in the Bible. Another legend says that it feeds off of loyal husbands.	AAAAAA==
4236	Jack-o'-Lantern	A drunkard who tricked the Devil out of taking him to Hell. When refused entry to Heaven	 he was forced to wander the earth with only an ember as a light.	AAAAAA==
4237	Jack-o'-Lantern	A drunkard who tricked the Devil out of taking him to Hell. When refused entry to Heaven	 he was forced to wander the earth with only an ember as a light.	AAAAAA==
4238	Jack-o'-Lantern	A drunkard who tricked the Devil out of taking him to Hell. When refused entry to Heaven	 he was forced to wander the earth with only an ember as a light.	AAAAAA==
4239	Jack-o'-Lantern	A drunkard who tricked the Devil out of taking him to Hell. When refused entry to Heaven	 he was forced to wander the earth with only an ember as a light.	AAAAAA==
4240	Bicorn	An evil creature with two curving horns from European folklore. It represents impurity	 unlike the Unicorn. Said to be derived from Re'em in the Bible. Another legend says that it feeds off of loyal husbands.	AAAAAA==
4241	Bicorn	An evil creature with two curving horns from European folklore. It represents impurity	 unlike the Unicorn. Said to be derived from Re'em in the Bible. Another legend says that it feeds off of loyal husbands.	AAAAAA==
4242	Jack-o'-Lantern	A drunkard who tricked the Devil out of taking him to Hell. When refused entry to Heaven	 he was forced to wander the earth with only an ember as a light.	AAAAAA==
4243	Jack-o'-Lantern	A drunkard who tricked the Devil out of taking him to Hell. When refused entry to Heaven	 he was forced to wander the earth with only an ember as a light.	AAAAAA==
4244	Bicorn	An evil creature with two curving horns from European folklore. It represents impurity	 unlike the Unicorn. Said to be derived from Re'em in the Bible. Another legend says that it feeds off of loyal husbands.	AAAAAA==
50111	King Frost	The king of snow who rules over an infinite number of Jack Frosts. He has the power to freeze the entire world	 but is unaware of it due to his naïve personality.	AAAAAA==
50121	King Frost	The king of snow who rules over an infinite number of Jack Frosts. He has the power to freeze the entire world	 but is unaware of it due to his naïve personality.	AAAAAA==
50211	Raga	-	AAAAAA==
50221	Raga	-	AAAAAA==
9851	Error: tnxotb-[GuaiWu_name_9851]	A female demon of European lore in medieval times. They visit sleeping men and have sexual intercourse with them. The victims don't wake up but may dream of the encounter.	AAAAAA==
9852	Error: tnxotb-[GuaiWu_name_9852]	A drunkard who tricked the Devil out of taking him to Hell. When refused entry to Heaven	 he was forced to wander the earth with only an ember as a light.	AAAAAA==
9853	Error: tnxotb-[GuaiWu_name_9853]	A winter fairy of European descent. He leaves ice patterns on windows and nips people's noses. Though normally an innocent creature	 he will freeze his victims to death if provoked.	AAAAAA==
9854	Kaiwan	A god in Assyrian legend	 his name is interchangeable with Sakkut	 another incarnation of the star-god	 Saturn.	AAAAAA==
9855	Hecatoncheires	Giants born from Uranus and Gaia. The name means "those with a hundred arms." During the war of the Titans	 Zeus freed them from the Underworld to help him obtain victory.	AAAAAA==
9856	Black Ooze	A mass of malevolent intent and emotion that failed to become a true demon. All it does is eat	 prey	 and grow.	AAAAAA==
61811	Raga	-	AAAAAA==
10031	Seth	The Egyptian god of the desert	 chaos	 and evil. He murdered his brother	 Osiris	 and tried to become chief god	 but he was castrated by Osiris's son	 Horus.	AAAAAA==
10032	Incubus	A male demon of European lore in medieval times. They visit sleeping women and have sexual intercourse with them. The resulting children become witches or wizards.	AAAAAA==
10033	Incubus	A male demon of European lore in medieval times. They visit sleeping women and have sexual intercourse with them. The resulting children become witches or wizards.	AAAAAA==
10041	Orobas	One of the 72 demons of the Goetia. Known as the Prince of Hell	 he appears as a horse and answers questions of the past	 present	 and future. He is faithful to his conjurer.	AAAAAA==
10051	Eligor	One of the 72 demons of the Goetia. He looks like a knight and has the power to see things to come. He also knows much about war.	AAAAAA==
10061	Jack Frost	A winter fairy of European descent. He leaves ice patterns on windows and nips people's noses. Though normally an innocent creature	 he will freeze his victims to death if provoked.	AAAAAA==
10062	Jack Frost	A winter fairy of European descent. He leaves ice patterns on windows and nips people's noses. Though normally an innocent creature	 he will freeze his victims to death if provoked.	AAAAAA==
200011	Jack-o'-Lantern	A drunkard who tricked the Devil out of taking him to Hell. When refused entry to Heaven	 he was forced to wander the earth with only an ember as a light.	AAAAAA==
200012	Jack-o'-Lantern	A drunkard who tricked the Devil out of taking him to Hell. When refused entry to Heaven	 he was forced to wander the earth with only an ember as a light.	AAAAAA==
200013	Bicorn	An evil creature with two curving horns from European folklore. It represents impurity	 unlike the Unicorn. Said to be derived from Re'em in the Bible. Another legend says that it feeds off of loyal husbands.	AAAAAA==
200021	Wraith of Envy	-	AAAAAA==
200022	Wraith of Envy's Left Eye	-	AAAAAA==
200023	Wraith of Envy's Right Eye	-	AAAAAA==
200024	Wraith of Envy	-	AAAAAA==
200025	Wraith of Envy	-	AAAAAA==
200026	Wraith of Envy	-	AAAAAA==
200031	Pixie	Friendly fairies of the forest that tend to hide from humans. They like to play tricks on lazy people. It is said they are the souls of dead	 unbaptized children.	AAAAAA==
200032	Pixie	Friendly fairies of the forest that tend to hide from humans. They like to play tricks on lazy people. It is said they are the souls of dead	 unbaptized children.	AAAAAA==
200041	Wraith of Envy	-	AAAAAA==
200042	Wraith of Envy's Left Eye	-	AAAAAA==
200043	Wraith of Envy's Right Eye	-	AAAAAA==
200101	Sacrificial Pyrekeeper	A Canaanite god of fire. A bronze statue of a man with a bull's head stands at his altar. The statue was heated and sacrificial children were thrown inside.	AAAAAA==
200901	Mandrake	A magical plant whose roots look like a human. They are valued for their healing properties in potions	 but the screams they let out when pulled from the ground will kill anyone who hears them.	AAAAAA==
200902	Mandrake	A magical plant whose roots look like a human. They are valued for their healing properties in potions	 but the screams they let out when pulled from the ground will kill anyone who hears them.	AAAAAA==
201001	Berith	One of the 72 demons of the Goetia. Known as the Duke of Hell	 he rides a gigantic horse and burns those without manners.	AAAAAA==
201002	Koppa Tengu	A type of tengu. Their spiritual power is weaker than other tengu	 so they are much smaller. They are said to be the reincarnations of long-lived wolves.	AAAAAA==
201003	Koppa Tengu	A type of tengu. Their spiritual power is weaker than other tengu	 so they are much smaller. They are said to be the reincarnations of long-lived wolves.	AAAAAA==
201011	Pixie	Friendly fairies of the forest that tend to hide from humans. They like to play tricks on lazy people. It is said they are the souls of dead	 unbaptized children.	AAAAAA==
201012	Pixie	Friendly fairies of the forest that tend to hide from humans. They like to play tricks on lazy people. It is said they are the souls of dead	 unbaptized children.	AAAAAA==
201021	Hua Po	A spirit of Chinese folklore who dwells in trees once used for hangings. She is smaller than a human and cannot speak	 but her voice is said to be as clear and as beautiful as a bird's song.	AAAAAA==
201022	Hua Po	A spirit of Chinese folklore who dwells in trees once used for hangings. She is smaller than a human and cannot speak	 but her voice is said to be as clear and as beautiful as a bird's song.	AAAAAA==
201031	Bicorn	An evil creature with two curving horns from European folklore. It represents impurity	 unlike the Unicorn. Said to be derived from Re'em in the Bible. Another legend says that it feeds off of loyal husbands.	AAAAAA==
201032	Pixie	Friendly fairies of the forest that tend to hide from humans. They like to play tricks on lazy people. It is said they are the souls of dead	 unbaptized children.	AAAAAA==
201033	Pixie	Friendly fairies of the forest that tend to hide from humans. They like to play tricks on lazy people. It is said they are the souls of dead	 unbaptized children.	AAAAAA==
201041	Mandrake	A magical plant whose roots look like a human. They are valued for their healing properties in potions	 but the screams they let out when pulled from the ground will kill anyone who hears them.	AAAAAA==
201042	Jack-o'-Lantern	A drunkard who tricked the Devil out of taking him to Hell. When refused entry to Heaven	 he was forced to wander the earth with only an ember as a light.	AAAAAA==
201043	Jack-o'-Lantern	A drunkard who tricked the Devil out of taking him to Hell. When refused entry to Heaven	 he was forced to wander the earth with only an ember as a light.	AAAAAA==
201051	Bicorn	An evil creature with two curving horns from European folklore. It represents impurity	 unlike the Unicorn. Said to be derived from Re'em in the Bible. Another legend says that it feeds off of loyal husbands.	AAAAAA==
201052	Bicorn	An evil creature with two curving horns from European folklore. It represents impurity	 unlike the Unicorn. Said to be derived from Re'em in the Bible. Another legend says that it feeds off of loyal husbands.	AAAAAA==
201061	Silky	A fairy of England and Scotland. She carries out household chores while everyone sleeps and is a welcome spirit. It is said you can hear her silk skirt rustle as she works.	AAAAAA==
201062	Pixie	Friendly fairies of the forest that tend to hide from humans. They like to play tricks on lazy people. It is said they are the souls of dead	 unbaptized children.	AAAAAA==
201063	Pixie	Friendly fairies of the forest that tend to hide from humans. They like to play tricks on lazy people. It is said they are the souls of dead	 unbaptized children.	AAAAAA==
201071	Berith	One of the 72 demons of the Goetia. Known as the Duke of Hell	 he rides a gigantic horse and burns those without manners.	AAAAAA==
201072	Succubus	A female demon of European lore in medieval times. They visit sleeping men and have sexual intercourse with them. The victims don't wake up but may dream of the encounter.	AAAAAA==
201073	Succubus	A female demon of European lore in medieval times. They visit sleeping men and have sexual intercourse with them. The victims don't wake up but may dream of the encounter.	AAAAAA==
206131	Incubus	A male demon of European lore in medieval times. They visit sleeping women and have sexual intercourse with them. The resulting children become witches or wizards.	AAAAAA==
206132	Pixie	Friendly fairies of the forest that tend to hide from humans. They like to play tricks on lazy people. It is said they are the souls of dead	 unbaptized children.	AAAAAA==
206133	Pixie	Friendly fairies of the forest that tend to hide from humans. They like to play tricks on lazy people. It is said they are the souls of dead	 unbaptized children.	AAAAAA==
201081	Security Chief	-	AAAAAA==
201082	Security Guard	-	AAAAAA==
201083	Security Guard	-	AAAAAA==
201084	Security Guard	-	AAAAAA==
201111	Silky	A fairy of England and Scotland. She carries out household chores while everyone sleeps and is a welcome spirit. It is said you can hear her silk skirt rustle as she works.	AAAAAA==
201112	Jack-o'-Lantern	A drunkard who tricked the Devil out of taking him to Hell. When refused entry to Heaven	 he was forced to wander the earth with only an ember as a light.	AAAAAA==
201113	Jack-o'-Lantern	A drunkard who tricked the Devil out of taking him to Hell. When refused entry to Heaven	 he was forced to wander the earth with only an ember as a light.	AAAAAA==
201121	Security Guard	-	AAAAAA==
201131	Apsaras	Hindu water spirits	 they are beautiful young women who dance for the gods. They also guide heroes fallen in battle to paradise.	AAAAAA==
201141	Bicorn	An evil creature with two curving horns from European folklore. It represents impurity	 unlike the Unicorn. Said to be derived from Re'em in the Bible. Another legend says that it feeds off of loyal husbands.	AAAAAA==
201142	Pixie	Friendly fairies of the forest that tend to hide from humans. They like to play tricks on lazy people. It is said they are the souls of dead	 unbaptized children.	AAAAAA==
201143	Pixie	Friendly fairies of the forest that tend to hide from humans. They like to play tricks on lazy people. It is said they are the souls of dead	 unbaptized children.	AAAAAA==
201151	Silky	A fairy of England and Scotland. She carries out household chores while everyone sleeps and is a welcome spirit. It is said you can hear her silk skirt rustle as she works.	AAAAAA==
201152	Jack-o'-Lantern	A drunkard who tricked the Devil out of taking him to Hell. When refused entry to Heaven	 he was forced to wander the earth with only an ember as a light.	AAAAAA==
201153	Jack-o'-Lantern	A drunkard who tricked the Devil out of taking him to Hell. When refused entry to Heaven	 he was forced to wander the earth with only an ember as a light.	AAAAAA==
201161	Incubus	A male demon of European lore in medieval times. They visit sleeping women and have sexual intercourse with them. The resulting children become witches or wizards.	AAAAAA==
201162	Incubus	A male demon of European lore in medieval times. They visit sleeping women and have sexual intercourse with them. The resulting children become witches or wizards.	AAAAAA==
201171	Agathion	A general term for familiars used by Judeo-Christian magicians	
they are usually sealed away in bottles	 rings	 or talismans.
They torment the target selected by the conjuror.	AAAAAA==
201172	Agathion	A general term for familiars used by Judeo-Christian magicians	 they are usually sealed away in bottles	 rings	 or talismans. They torment the target selected by the conjuror.	AAAAAA==
201181	Incubus	A male demon of European lore in medieval times. They visit sleeping women and have sexual intercourse with them. The resulting children become witches or wizards.	AAAAAA==
201182	Incubus	A male demon of European lore in medieval times. They visit sleeping women and have sexual intercourse with them. The resulting children become witches or wizards.	AAAAAA==
201191	Silky	A fairy of England and Scotland. She carries out household chores while everyone sleeps and is a welcome spirit. It is said you can hear her silk skirt rustle as she works.	AAAAAA==
201192	Agathion	A general term for familiars used by Judeo-Christian magicians	 they are usually sealed away in bottles	 rings	 or talismans. They torment the target selected by the conjuror.	AAAAAA==
201193	Agathion	A general term for familiars used by Judeo-Christian magicians	 they are usually sealed away in bottles	 rings	 or talismans. They torment the target selected by the conjuror.	AAAAAA==
201201	Bicorn	An evil creature with two curving horns from European folklore. It represents impurity	 unlike the Unicorn. Said to be derived from Re'em in the Bible. Another legend says that it feeds off of loyal husbands.	AAAAAA==
201202	Pixie	Friendly fairies of the forest that tend to hide from humans. They like to play tricks on lazy people. It is said they are the souls of dead	 unbaptized children.	AAAAAA==
201203	Pixie	Friendly fairies of the forest that tend to hide from humans. They like to play tricks on lazy people. It is said they are the souls of dead	 unbaptized children.	AAAAAA==
201211	Bicorn	An evil creature with two curving horns from European folklore. It represents impurity	 unlike the Unicorn. Said to be derived from Re'em in the Bible. Another legend says that it feeds off of loyal husbands.	AAAAAA==
201212	Bicorn	An evil creature with two curving horns from European folklore. It represents impurity	 unlike the Unicorn. Said to be derived from Re'em in the Bible. Another legend says that it feeds off of loyal husbands.	AAAAAA==
201213	Agathion	A general term for familiars used by Judeo-Christian magicians	 they are usually sealed away in bottles	 rings	 or talismans. They torment the target selected by the conjuror.	AAAAAA==
201214	Agathion	A general term for familiars used by Judeo-Christian magicians	 they are usually sealed away in bottles	 rings	 or talismans. They torment the target selected by the conjuror.	AAAAAA==
201261	Berith	One of the 72 demons of the Goetia. Known as the Duke of Hell	 he rides a gigantic horse and burns those without manners.	AAAAAA==
201262	Inugami	A dog spirit said to possess people in Japanese lore. Those possessed are in a state of "inu-tsuki" and lose consciousness. Onmyoji use Inugami as familiars.	AAAAAA==
201263	Inugami	A dog spirit said to possess people in Japanese lore. Those possessed are in a state of "inu-tsuki" and lose consciousness. Onmyoji use Inugami as familiars.	AAAAAA==
201271	Bicorn	An evil creature with two curving horns from European folklore. It represents impurity	 unlike the Unicorn. Said to be derived from Re'em in the Bible. Another legend says that it feeds off of loyal husbands.	AAAAAA==
201272	Agathion	A general term for familiars used by Judeo-Christian magicians	 they are usually sealed away in bottles	 rings	 or talismans. They torment the target selected by the conjuror.	AAAAAA==
201273	Agathion	A general term for familiars used by Judeo-Christian magicians	 they are usually sealed away in bottles	 rings	 or talismans. They torment the target selected by the conjuror.	AAAAAA==
201281	Mandrake	A magical plant whose roots look like a human. They are valued for their healing properties in potions	 but the screams they let out when pulled from the ground will kill anyone who hears them.	AAAAAA==
201282	Mandrake	A magical plant whose roots look like a human. They are valued for their healing properties in potions	 but the screams they let out when pulled from the ground will kill anyone who hears them.	AAAAAA==
201283	Mandrake	A magical plant whose roots look like a human. They are valued for their healing properties in potions	 but the screams they let out when pulled from the ground will kill anyone who hears them.	AAAAAA==
201291	Jack Frost	A winter fairy of European descent. He leaves ice patterns on windows and nips people's noses. Though normally an innocent creature	 he will freeze his victims to death if provoked.	AAAAAA==
201292	Jack Frost	A winter fairy of European descent. He leaves ice patterns on windows and nips people's noses. Though normally an innocent creature	 he will freeze his victims to death if provoked.	AAAAAA==
201293	Jack Frost	A winter fairy of European descent. He leaves ice patterns on windows and nips people's noses. Though normally an innocent creature	 he will freeze his victims to death if provoked.	AAAAAA==
201294	Jack Frost	A winter fairy of European descent. He leaves ice patterns on windows and nips people's noses. Though normally an innocent creature	 he will freeze his victims to death if provoked.	AAAAAA==
201301	Secret Keeper	-	AAAAAA==
201302	Clotho	The youngest of the three Moirae Sisters of Greek legend. She spins the threads of life with her spindle.	AAAAAA==
201303	Clotho	The youngest of the three Moirae Sisters of Greek legend. She spins the threads of life with her spindle.	AAAAAA==
201311	Orthrus	The two-headed pet dog belonging to the giant Geryon of Greek myth. He guarded a herd of red oxen but was killed by Hercules during one of his twelve labors.	AAAAAA==
203001	Pixie	Friendly fairies of the forest that tend to hide from humans. They like to play tricks on lazy people. It is said they are the souls of dead	 unbaptized children.	AAAAAA==
203002	Pixie	Friendly fairies of the forest that tend to hide from humans. They like to play tricks on lazy people. It is said they are the souls of dead	 unbaptized children.	AAAAAA==
203003	Jack-o'-Lantern	A drunkard who tricked the Devil out of taking him to Hell. When refused entry to Heaven	 he was forced to wander the earth with only an ember as a light.	AAAAAA==
203004	Jack-o'-Lantern	A drunkard who tricked the Devil out of taking him to Hell. When refused entry to Heaven	 he was forced to wander the earth with only an ember as a light.	AAAAAA==
202011	Jack Frost	A winter fairy of European descent. He leaves ice patterns on windows and nips people's noses. Though normally an innocent creature	 he will freeze his victims to death if provoked.	AAAAAA==
202012	Hua Po	A spirit of Chinese folklore who dwells in trees once used for hangings. She is smaller than a human and cannot speak	 but her voice is said to be as clear and as beautiful as a bird's song.	AAAAAA==
202013	Hua Po	A spirit of Chinese folklore who dwells in trees once used for hangings. She is smaller than a human and cannot speak	 but her voice is said to be as clear and as beautiful as a bird's song.	AAAAAA==
202021	Apsaras	Hindu water spirits	 they are beautiful young women who dance for the gods. They also guide heroes fallen in battle to paradise.	AAAAAA==
202022	Apsaras	Hindu water spirits	 they are beautiful young women who dance for the gods. They also guide heroes fallen in battle to paradise.	AAAAAA==
202031	Apsaras	Hindu water spirits	 they are beautiful young women who dance for the gods. They also guide heroes fallen in battle to paradise.	AAAAAA==
202032	Kodama	Japanese plant spirits born from trees that have lived for a hundred years. Cutting down one of these trees is said to cause misfortune.	AAAAAA==
202033	Kodama	Japanese plant spirits born from trees that have lived for a hundred years. Cutting down one of these trees is said to cause misfortune.	AAAAAA==
202041	Andras	One of the 72 demons of the Goetia. The great Marquis of Hell	 he appears where there is battle to stoke the hatred within soldiers. He helps defeat the enemies of those who summon him.	AAAAAA==
202042	Andras	One of the 72 demons of the Goetia. The great Marquis of Hell	 he appears where there is battle to stoke the hatred within soldiers. He helps defeat the enemies of those who summon him.	AAAAAA==
202043	Jack Frost	A winter fairy of European descent. He leaves ice patterns on windows and nips people's noses. Though normally an innocent creature	 he will freeze his victims to death if provoked.	AAAAAA==
202044	Jack Frost	A winter fairy of European descent. He leaves ice patterns on windows and nips people's noses. Though normally an innocent creature	 he will freeze his victims to death if provoked.	AAAAAA==
202051	Andras	One of the 72 demons of the Goetia. The great Marquis of Hell	 he appears where there is battle to stoke the hatred within soldiers. He helps defeat the enemies of those who summon him.	AAAAAA==
202052	Andras	One of the 72 demons of the Goetia. The great Marquis of Hell	 he appears where there is battle to stoke the hatred within soldiers. He helps defeat the enemies of those who summon him.	AAAAAA==
202061	Berith	One of the 72 demons of the Goetia. Known as the Duke of Hell	 he rides a gigantic horse and burns those without manners.	AAAAAA==
202062	Hua Po	A spirit of Chinese folklore who dwells in trees once used for hangings. She is smaller than a human and cannot speak	 but her voice is said to be as clear and as beautiful as a bird's song.	AAAAAA==
202063	Hua Po	A spirit of Chinese folklore who dwells in trees once used for hangings. She is smaller than a human and cannot speak	 but her voice is said to be as clear and as beautiful as a bird's song.	AAAAAA==
202071	Jack Frost	A winter fairy of European descent. He leaves ice patterns on windows and nips people's noses. Though normally an innocent creature	 he will freeze his victims to death if provoked.	AAAAAA==
202072	Jack Frost	A winter fairy of European descent. He leaves ice patterns on windows and nips people's noses. Though normally an innocent creature	 he will freeze his victims to death if provoked.	AAAAAA==
202081	Berith	One of the 72 demons of the Goetia. Known as the Duke of Hell	 he rides a gigantic horse and burns those without manners.	AAAAAA==
202082	Kodama	Japanese plant spirits born from trees that have lived for a hundred years. Cutting down one of these trees is said to cause misfortune.	AAAAAA==
202083	Kodama	Japanese plant spirits born from trees that have lived for a hundred years. Cutting down one of these trees is said to cause misfortune.	AAAAAA==
202091	Jack Frost	A winter fairy of European descent. He leaves ice patterns on windows and nips people's noses. Though normally an innocent creature	 he will freeze his victims to death if provoked.	AAAAAA==
202092	Jack Frost	A winter fairy of European descent. He leaves ice patterns on windows and nips people's noses. Though normally an innocent creature	 he will freeze his victims to death if provoked.	AAAAAA==
202093	Succubus	A female demon of European lore in medieval times. They visit sleeping men and have sexual intercourse with them. The victims don't wake up but may dream of the encounter.	AAAAAA==
202094	Succubus	A female demon of European lore in medieval times. They visit sleeping men and have sexual intercourse with them. The victims don't wake up but may dream of the encounter.	AAAAAA==
202101	Apsaras	Hindu water spirits	 they are beautiful young women who dance for the gods. They also guide heroes fallen in battle to paradise.	AAAAAA==
202102	Hua Po	A spirit of Chinese folklore who dwells in trees once used for hangings. She is smaller than a human and cannot speak	 but her voice is said to be as clear and as beautiful as a bird's song.	AAAAAA==
202103	Hua Po	A spirit of Chinese folklore who dwells in trees once used for hangings. She is smaller than a human and cannot speak	 but her voice is said to be as clear and as beautiful as a bird's song.	AAAAAA==
202111	Berith	One of the 72 demons of the Goetia. Known as the Duke of Hell	 he rides a gigantic horse and burns those without manners.	AAAAAA==
202112	Berith	One of the 72 demons of the Goetia. Known as the Duke of Hell	 he rides a gigantic horse and burns those without manners.	AAAAAA==
202121	Andras	One of the 72 demons of the Goetia. The great Marquis of Hell	 he appears where there is battle to stoke the hatred within soldiers. He helps defeat the enemies of those who summon him.	AAAAAA==
202122	Succubus	A female demon of European lore in medieval times. They visit sleeping men and have sexual intercourse with them. The victims don't wake up but may dream of the encounter.	AAAAAA==
202123	Succubus	A female demon of European lore in medieval times. They visit sleeping men and have sexual intercourse with them. The victims don't wake up but may dream of the encounter.	AAAAAA==
202131	Jack Frost	A winter fairy of European descent. He leaves ice patterns on windows and nips people's noses. Though normally an innocent creature	 he will freeze his victims to death if provoked.	AAAAAA==
202132	Jack Frost	A winter fairy of European descent. He leaves ice patterns on windows and nips people's noses. Though normally an innocent creature	 he will freeze his victims to death if provoked.	AAAAAA==
202133	Jack Frost	A winter fairy of European descent. He leaves ice patterns on windows and nips people's noses. Though normally an innocent creature	 he will freeze his victims to death if provoked.	AAAAAA==
202141	Berith	One of the 72 demons of the Goetia. Known as the Duke of Hell	 he rides a gigantic horse and burns those without manners.	AAAAAA==
202142	Apsaras	Hindu water spirits	 they are beautiful young women who dance for the gods. They also guide heroes fallen in battle to paradise.	AAAAAA==
202143	Apsaras	Hindu water spirits	 they are beautiful young women who dance for the gods. They also guide heroes fallen in battle to paradise.	AAAAAA==
202151	Jack Frost	A winter fairy of European descent. He leaves ice patterns on windows and nips people's noses. Though normally an innocent creature	 he will freeze his victims to death if provoked.	AAAAAA==
202152	Jack Frost	A winter fairy of European descent. He leaves ice patterns on windows and nips people's noses. Though normally an innocent creature	 he will freeze his victims to death if provoked.	AAAAAA==
202153	Succubus	A female demon of European lore in medieval times. They visit sleeping men and have sexual intercourse with them. The victims don't wake up but may dream of the encounter.	AAAAAA==
202154	Succubus	A female demon of European lore in medieval times. They visit sleeping men and have sexual intercourse with them. The victims don't wake up but may dream of the encounter.	AAAAAA==
202161	Apsaras	Hindu water spirits	 they are beautiful young women who dance for the gods. They also guide heroes fallen in battle to paradise.	AAAAAA==
202162	Kodama	Japanese plant spirits born from trees that have lived for a hundred years. Cutting down one of these trees is said to cause misfortune.	AAAAAA==
202163	Kodama	Japanese plant spirits born from trees that have lived for a hundred years. Cutting down one of these trees is said to cause misfortune.	AAAAAA==
202171	Suzaku	One of the Ssu-Ling	 celestial creatures of Chinese myth. It is a giant bird that is said to chirp in five beautiful voices. It represents the direction south	 the season of summer	 and the element of fire.	AAAAAA==
202172	Apsaras	Hindu water spirits	 they are beautiful young women who dance for the gods. They also guide heroes fallen in battle to paradise.	AAAAAA==
202173	Apsaras	Hindu water spirits	 they are beautiful young women who dance for the gods. They also guide heroes fallen in battle to paradise.	AAAAAA==
202174	Hua Po	A spirit of Chinese folklore who dwells in trees once used for hangings. She is smaller than a human and cannot speak	 but her voice is said to be as clear and as beautiful as a bird's song.	AAAAAA==
202175	Hua Po	A spirit of Chinese folklore who dwells in trees once used for hangings. She is smaller than a human and cannot speak	 but her voice is said to be as clear and as beautiful as a bird's song.	AAAAAA==
202181	Suzaku	One of the Ssu-Ling	 celestial creatures of Chinese myth. It is a giant bird that is said to chirp in five beautiful voices. It represents the direction south	 the season of summer	 and the element of fire.	AAAAAA==
202182	Apsaras	Hindu water spirits	 they are beautiful young women who dance for the gods. They also guide heroes fallen in battle to paradise.	AAAAAA==
202183	Apsaras	Hindu water spirits	 they are beautiful young women who dance for the gods. They also guide heroes fallen in battle to paradise.	AAAAAA==
202184	Hua Po	A spirit of Chinese folklore who dwells in trees once used for hangings. She is smaller than a human and cannot speak	 but her voice is said to be as clear and as beautiful as a bird's song.	AAAAAA==
202185	Hua Po	A spirit of Chinese folklore who dwells in trees once used for hangings. She is smaller than a human and cannot speak	 but her voice is said to be as clear and as beautiful as a bird's song.	AAAAAA==
202191	Suzaku	One of the Ssu-Ling	 celestial creatures of Chinese myth. It is a giant bird that is said to chirp in five beautiful voices. It represents the direction south	 the season of summer	 and the element of fire.	AAAAAA==
202192	Andras	One of the 72 demons of the Goetia. The great Marquis of Hell	 he appears where there is battle to stoke the hatred within soldiers. He helps defeat the enemies of those who summon him.	AAAAAA==
202193	Andras	One of the 72 demons of the Goetia. The great Marquis of Hell	 he appears where there is battle to stoke the hatred within soldiers. He helps defeat the enemies of those who summon him.	AAAAAA==
202201	Suzaku	One of the Ssu-Ling	 celestial creatures of Chinese myth. It is a giant bird that is said to chirp in five beautiful voices. It represents the direction south	 the season of summer	 and the element of fire.	AAAAAA==
202202	Andras	One of the 72 demons of the Goetia. The great Marquis of Hell	 he appears where there is battle to stoke the hatred within soldiers. He helps defeat the enemies of those who summon him.	AAAAAA==
202203	Andras	One of the 72 demons of the Goetia. The great Marquis of Hell	 he appears where there is battle to stoke the hatred within soldiers. He helps defeat the enemies of those who summon him.	AAAAAA==
202221	Archangel	Eighth of the nine orders of angels. Their duty is to minister to humans and deliver messages. They are warriors of Heaven and lead Heaven's forces during battle with the armies of evil.	AAAAAA==
202222	Angel	Ninth of the nineorders of angels.They are closest in nature to humans.They watch over individuals and warn those who stray from the path.	AAAAAA==
202223	Angel	Ninth of the nineorders of angels.They are closest in nature to humans.They watch over individuals and warn those who stray from the path.	AAAAAA==
202231	Berith	One of the 72 demons of the Goetia. Known as the Duke of Hell	 he rides a gigantic horse and burns those without manners.	AAAAAA==
202232	Jack Frost	A winter fairy of European descent. He leaves ice patterns on windows and nips people's noses. Though normally an innocent creature	 he will freeze his victims to death if provoked.	AAAAAA==
202233	Jack Frost	A winter fairy of European descent. He leaves ice patterns on windows and nips people's noses. Though normally an innocent creature	 he will freeze his victims to death if provoked.	AAAAAA==
202251	Suzaku	One of the Ssu-Ling	 celestial creatures of Chinese myth. It is a giant bird that is said to chirp in five beautiful voices. It represents the direction south	 the season of summer	 and the element of fire.	AAAAAA==
202252	Succubus	A female demon of European lore in medieval times. They visit sleeping men and have sexual intercourse with them. The victims don't wake up but may dream of the encounter.	AAAAAA==
202253	Succubus	A female demon of European lore in medieval times. They visit sleeping men and have sexual intercourse with them. The victims don't wake up but may dream of the encounter.	AAAAAA==
202261	Suzaku	One of the Ssu-Ling	 celestial creatures of Chinese myth. It is a giant bird that is said to chirp in five beautiful voices. It represents the direction south	 the season of summer	 and the element of fire.	AAAAAA==
202262	Succubus	A female demon of European lore in medieval times. They visit sleeping men and have sexual intercourse with them. The victims don't wake up but may dream of the encounter.	AAAAAA==
202263	Succubus	A female demon of European lore in medieval times. They visit sleeping men and have sexual intercourse with them. The victims don't wake up but may dream of the encounter.	AAAAAA==
202281	Archangel	Eighth of the nine orders of angels. Their duty is to minister to humans and deliver messages. They are warriors of Heaven and lead Heaven's forces during battle with the armies of evil.	AAAAAA==
202282	Apsaras	Hindu water spirits	 they are beautiful young women who dance for the gods. They also guide heroes fallen in battle to paradise.	AAAAAA==
202283	Apsaras	Hindu water spirits	 they are beautiful young women who dance for the gods. They also guide heroes fallen in battle to paradise.	AAAAAA==
202291	Suzaku	One of the Ssu-Ling	 celestial creatures of Chinese myth. It is a giant bird that is said to chirp in five beautiful voices. It represents the direction south	 the season of summer	 and the element of fire.	AAAAAA==
202292	Jack Frost	A winter fairy of European descent. He leaves ice patterns on windows and nips people's noses. Though normally an innocent creature	 he will freeze his victims to death if provoked.	AAAAAA==
202293	Jack Frost	A winter fairy of European descent. He leaves ice patterns on windows and nips people's noses. Though normally an innocent creature	 he will freeze his victims to death if provoked.	AAAAAA==
202301	Suzaku	One of the Ssu-Ling	 celestial creatures of Chinese myth. It is a giant bird that is said to chirp in five beautiful voices. It represents the direction south	 the season of summer	 and the element of fire.	AAAAAA==
202302	Jack Frost	A winter fairy of European descent. He leaves ice patterns on windows and nips people's noses. Though normally an innocent creature	 he will freeze his victims to death if provoked.	AAAAAA==
202303	Jack Frost	A winter fairy of European descent. He leaves ice patterns on windows and nips people's noses. Though normally an innocent creature	 he will freeze his victims to death if provoked.	AAAAAA==
202321	Archangel	Eighth of the nine orders of angels. Their duty is to minister to humans and deliver messages. They are warriors of Heaven and lead Heaven's forces during battle with the armies of evil.	AAAAAA==
202322	Berith	One of the 72 demons of the Goetia. Known as the Duke of Hell	 he rides a gigantic horse and burns those without manners.	AAAAAA==
202323	Berith	One of the 72 demons of the Goetia. Known as the Duke of Hell	 he rides a gigantic horse and burns those without manners.	AAAAAA==
202331	Andras	One of the 72 demons of the Goetia. The great Marquis of Hell	 he appears where there is battle to stoke the hatred within soldiers. He helps defeat the enemies of those who summon him.	AAAAAA==
202332	Andras	One of the 72 demons of the Goetia. The great Marquis of Hell	 he appears where there is battle to stoke the hatred within soldiers. He helps defeat the enemies of those who summon him.	AAAAAA==
202341	Berith	One of the 72 demons of the Goetia. Known as the Duke of Hell	 he rides a gigantic horse and burns those without manners.	AAAAAA==
202342	Berith	One of the 72 demons of the Goetia. Known as the Duke of Hell	 he rides a gigantic horse and burns those without manners.	AAAAAA==
202351	Succubus	A female demon of European lore in medieval times. They visit sleeping men and have sexual intercourse with them. The victims don't wake up but may dream of the encounter.	AAAAAA==
202352	Succubus	A female demon of European lore in medieval times. They visit sleeping men and have sexual intercourse with them. The victims don't wake up but may dream of the encounter.	AAAAAA==
202361	Jack Frost	A winter fairy of European descent. He leaves ice patterns on windows and nips people's noses. Though normally an innocent creature	 he will freeze his victims to death if provoked.	AAAAAA==
202362	Jack Frost	A winter fairy of European descent. He leaves ice patterns on windows and nips people's noses. Though normally an innocent creature	 he will freeze his victims to death if provoked.	AAAAAA==
202371	Apsaras	Hindu water spirits	 they are beautiful young women who dance for the gods. They also guide heroes fallen in battle to paradise.	AAAAAA==
202372	Apsaras	Hindu water spirits	 they are beautiful young women who dance for the gods. They also guide heroes fallen in battle to paradise.	AAAAAA==
202381	Eligor	One of the 72 demons of the Goetia. He looks like a knight and has the power to see things to come. He also knows much about war.	AAAAAA==
202382	Berith	One of the 72 demons of the Goetia. Known as the Duke of Hell	 he rides a gigantic horse and burns those without manners.	AAAAAA==
202383	Berith	One of the 72 demons of the Goetia. Known as the Duke of Hell	 he rides a gigantic horse and burns those without manners.	AAAAAA==
202384	Andras	One of the 72 demons of the Goetia. The great Marquis of Hell	 he appears where there is battle to stoke the hatred within soldiers. He helps defeat the enemies of those who summon him.	AAAAAA==
202385	Andras	One of the 72 demons of the Goetia. The great Marquis of Hell	 he appears where there is battle to stoke the hatred within soldiers. He helps defeat the enemies of those who summon him.	AAAAAA==
202391	Eligor	One of the 72 demons of the Goetia. He looks like a knight and has the power to see things to come. He also knows much about war.	AAAAAA==
202392	Berith	One of the 72 demons of the Goetia. Known as the Duke of Hell	 he rides a gigantic horse and burns those without manners.	AAAAAA==
202393	Berith	One of the 72 demons of the Goetia. Known as the Duke of Hell	 he rides a gigantic horse and burns those without manners.	AAAAAA==
202394	Andras	One of the 72 demons of the Goetia. The great Marquis of Hell	 he appears where there is battle to stoke the hatred within soldiers. He helps defeat the enemies of those who summon him.	AAAAAA==
202395	Andras	One of the 72 demons of the Goetia. The great Marquis of Hell	 he appears where there is battle to stoke the hatred within soldiers. He helps defeat the enemies of those who summon him.	AAAAAA==
202401	Jack Frost	A winter fairy of European descent. He leaves ice patterns on windows and nips people's noses. Though normally an innocent creature	 he will freeze his victims to death if provoked.	AAAAAA==
202402	Jack Frost	A winter fairy of European descent. He leaves ice patterns on windows and nips people's noses. Though normally an innocent creature	 he will freeze his victims to death if provoked.	AAAAAA==
202411	Apsaras	Hindu water spirits	 they are beautiful young women who dance for the gods. They also guide heroes fallen in battle to paradise.	AAAAAA==
202412	Apsaras	Hindu water spirits	 they are beautiful young women who dance for the gods. They also guide heroes fallen in battle to paradise.	AAAAAA==
202421	Andras	One of the 72 demons of the Goetia. The great Marquis of Hell	 he appears where there is battle to stoke the hatred within soldiers. He helps defeat the enemies of those who summon him.	AAAAAA==
202422	Hua Po	A spirit of Chinese folklore who dwells in trees once used for hangings. She is smaller than a human and cannot speak	 but her voice is said to be as clear and as beautiful as a bird's song.	AAAAAA==
202423	Hua Po	A spirit of Chinese folklore who dwells in trees once used for hangings. She is smaller than a human and cannot speak	 but her voice is said to be as clear and as beautiful as a bird's song.	AAAAAA==
206141	Hua Po	A spirit of Chinese folklore who dwells in trees once used for hangings. She is smaller than a human and cannot speak	 but her voice is said to be as clear and as beautiful as a bird's song.	AAAAAA==
203011	Avid Kiuchi Fan	-	AAAAAA==
203012	Angel	Ninth of the nineorders of angels.They are closest in nature to humans.They watch over individuals and warn those who stray from the path.	AAAAAA==
203013	Angel	Ninth of the nineorders of angels.They are closest in nature to humans.They watch over individuals and warn those who stray from the path.	AAAAAA==
203014	Inugami	A dog spirit said to possess people in Japanese lore. Those possessed are in a state of "inu-tsuki" and lose consciousness. Onmyoji use Inugami as familiars.	AAAAAA==
203015	Inugami	A dog spirit said to possess people in Japanese lore. Those possessed are in a state of "inu-tsuki" and lose consciousness. Onmyoji use Inugami as familiars.	AAAAAA==
203021	Silky	A fairy of England and Scotland. She carries out household chores while everyone sleeps and is a welcome spirit. It is said you can hear her silk skirt rustle as she works.	AAAAAA==
203022	Pixie	Friendly fairies of the forest that tend to hide from humans. They like to play tricks on lazy people. It is said they are the souls of dead	 unbaptized children.	AAAAAA==
203023	Pixie	Friendly fairies of the forest that tend to hide from humans. They like to play tricks on lazy people. It is said they are the souls of dead	 unbaptized children.	AAAAAA==
203031	Inugami	A dog spirit said to possess people in Japanese lore. Those possessed are in a state of "inu-tsuki" and lose consciousness. Onmyoji use Inugami as familiars.	AAAAAA==
203032	Inugami	A dog spirit said to possess people in Japanese lore. Those possessed are in a state of "inu-tsuki" and lose consciousness. Onmyoji use Inugami as familiars.	AAAAAA==
203041	High Pixie	The leader of a swarm of pixies. Any pixie in a leadership role or with remarkable power is called by this name.	AAAAAA==
203042	High Pixie	The leader of a swarm of pixies. Any pixie in a leadership role or with remarkable power is called by this name.	AAAAAA==
203051	Jack Frost	A winter fairy of European descent. He leaves ice patterns on windows and nips people's noses. Though normally an innocent creature	 he will freeze his victims to death if provoked.	AAAAAA==
203052	Jack Frost	A winter fairy of European descent. He leaves ice patterns on windows and nips people's noses. Though normally an innocent creature	 he will freeze his victims to death if provoked.	AAAAAA==
203061	Nekomata	Long-lived cats are said to become these malevolent cat demons. Their powers vary according to how long they have lived	 ranging from shape-shifting to controlling the dead.	AAAAAA==
203062	Nekomata	Long-lived cats are said to become these malevolent cat demons. Their powers vary according to how long they have lived	 ranging from shape-shifting to controlling the dead.	AAAAAA==
203071	Angel	Ninth of the nineorders of angels.They are closest in nature to humans.They watch over individuals and warn those who stray from the path.	AAAAAA==
203072	High Pixie	The leader of a swarm of pixies. Any pixie in a leadership role or with remarkable power is called by this name.	AAAAAA==
203073	High Pixie	The leader of a swarm of pixies. Any pixie in a leadership role or with remarkable power is called by this name.	AAAAAA==
203081	Nekomata	Long-lived cats are said to become these malevolent cat demons. Their powers vary according to how long they have lived	 ranging from shape-shifting to controlling the dead.	AAAAAA==
203082	High Pixie	The leader of a swarm of pixies. Any pixie in a leadership role or with remarkable power is called by this name.	AAAAAA==
203083	High Pixie	The leader of a swarm of pixies. Any pixie in a leadership role or with remarkable power is called by this name.	AAAAAA==
203091	Onmoraki	A monstrous	 fire spitting	 Japanese bird with a man's face. It is actually a corpse that was not given a proper memorial service. They appear before monks who neglect their duties.	AAAAAA==
203092	Inugami	A dog spirit said to possess people in Japanese lore. Those possessed are in a state of "inu-tsuki" and lose consciousness. Onmyoji use Inugami as familiars.	AAAAAA==
203093	Inugami	A dog spirit said to possess people in Japanese lore. Those possessed are in a state of "inu-tsuki" and lose consciousness. Onmyoji use Inugami as familiars.	AAAAAA==
203101	Nekomata	Long-lived cats are said to become these malevolent cat demons. Their powers vary according to how long they have lived	 ranging from shape-shifting to controlling the dead.	AAAAAA==
203102	Nekomata	Long-lived cats are said to become these malevolent cat demons. Their powers vary according to how long they have lived	 ranging from shape-shifting to controlling the dead.	AAAAAA==
203111	Succubus	A female demon of European lore in medieval times. They visit sleeping men and have sexual intercourse with them. The victims don't wake up but may dream of the encounter.	AAAAAA==
203112	Incubus	A male demon of European lore in medieval times. They visit sleeping women and have sexual intercourse with them. The resulting children become witches or wizards.	AAAAAA==
203113	Incubus	A male demon of European lore in medieval times. They visit sleeping women and have sexual intercourse with them. The resulting children become witches or wizards.	AAAAAA==
203121	Orobas	One of the 72 demons of the Goetia. Known as the Prince of Hell	 he appears as a horse and answers questions of the past	 present	 and future. He is faithful to his conjurer.	AAAAAA==
203122	Kushi Mitama	One of the four aspects of Shinto thought	 it uses its power to bring blessings related to healing illnesses and staying healthy. It is said to have supernatural powers and cause mysterious events.	AAAAAA==
203123	Kushi Mitama	One of the four aspects of Shinto thought	 it uses its power to bring blessings related to healing illnesses and staying healthy. It is said to have supernatural powers and cause mysterious events.	AAAAAA==
203131	Apsaras	Hindu water spirits	 they are beautiful young women who dance for the gods. They also guide heroes fallen in battle to paradise.	AAAAAA==
203132	Kodama	Japanese plant spirits born from trees that have lived for a hundred years. Cutting down one of these trees is said to cause misfortune.	AAAAAA==
203133	Kodama	Japanese plant spirits born from trees that have lived for a hundred years. Cutting down one of these trees is said to cause misfortune.	AAAAAA==
203141	Sandman	A fairy in German folklore who carries a bag of magical sand	 which puts humans to sleep when thrown into their eyes. If the victim resists	 the Sandman will sit on their eyelids.	AAAAAA==
203142	Sandman	A fairy in German folklore who carries a bag of magical sand	 which puts humans to sleep when thrown into their eyes. If the victim resists	 the Sandman will sit on their eyelids.	AAAAAA==
203151	Inugami	A dog spirit said to possess people in Japanese lore. Those possessed are in a state of "inu-tsuki" and lose consciousness. Onmyoji use Inugami as familiars.	AAAAAA==
203152	Inugami	A dog spirit said to possess people in Japanese lore. Those possessed are in a state of "inu-tsuki" and lose consciousness. Onmyoji use Inugami as familiars.	AAAAAA==
203153	Kushi Mitama	One of the four aspects of Shinto thought	 it uses its power to bring blessings related to healing illnesses and staying healthy. It is said to have supernatural powers and cause mysterious events.	AAAAAA==
203154	Kushi Mitama	One of the four aspects of Shinto thought	 it uses its power to bring blessings related to healing illnesses and staying healthy. It is said to have supernatural powers and cause mysterious events.	AAAAAA==
203161	Angel	Ninth of the nineorders of angels.They are closest in nature to humans.They watch over individuals and warn those who stray from the path.	AAAAAA==
203162	Angel	Ninth of the nineorders of angels.They are closest in nature to humans.They watch over individuals and warn those who stray from the path.	AAAAAA==
203171	Inugami	A dog spirit said to possess people in Japanese lore. Those possessed are in a state of "inu-tsuki" and lose consciousness. Onmyoji use Inugami as familiars.	AAAAAA==
203172	Inugami	A dog spirit said to possess people in Japanese lore. Those possessed are in a state of "inu-tsuki" and lose consciousness. Onmyoji use Inugami as familiars.	AAAAAA==
203173	Inugami	A dog spirit said to possess people in Japanese lore. Those possessed are in a state of "inu-tsuki" and lose consciousness. Onmyoji use Inugami as familiars.	AAAAAA==
203181	Obariyon	A "piggyback monster" of Japan that jumps on the backs of those who pass grassy paths. It is heavy and not easily removed	 but will turn into gold coins if you can carry it back home.	AAAAAA==
203182	Incubus	A male demon of European lore in medieval times. They visit sleeping women and have sexual intercourse with them. The resulting children become witches or wizards.	AAAAAA==
203183	Incubus	A male demon of European lore in medieval times. They visit sleeping women and have sexual intercourse with them. The resulting children become witches or wizards.	AAAAAA==
203191	Succubus	A female demon of European lore in medieval times. They visit sleeping men and have sexual intercourse with them. The victims don't wake up but may dream of the encounter.	AAAAAA==
203192	Succubus	A female demon of European lore in medieval times. They visit sleeping men and have sexual intercourse with them. The victims don't wake up but may dream of the encounter.	AAAAAA==
203201	Orobas	One of the 72 demons of the Goetia. Known as the Prince of Hell	 he appears as a horse and answers questions of the past	 present	 and future. He is faithful to his conjurer.	AAAAAA==
203202	Angel	Ninth of the nineorders of angels.They are closest in nature to humans.They watch over individuals and warn those who stray from the path.	AAAAAA==
203203	Angel	Ninth of the nineorders of angels.They are closest in nature to humans.They watch over individuals and warn those who stray from the path.	AAAAAA==
203211	Slime	A primitive monster with a viscous body. There are various theories as to its origin	 but it is still under debate. Said to compulsively collect shiny objects.	AAAAAA==
203212	Slime	A primitive monster with a viscous body. There are various theories as to its origin	 but it is still under debate. Said to compulsively collect shiny objects.	AAAAAA==
203221	Silky	A fairy of England and Scotland. She carries out household chores while everyone sleeps and is a welcome spirit. It is said you can hear her silk skirt rustle as she works.	AAAAAA==
203222	Agathion	A general term for familiars used by Judeo-Christian magicians	 they are usually sealed away in bottles	 rings	 or talismans. They torment the target selected by the conjuror.	AAAAAA==
203223	Agathion	A general term for familiars used by Judeo-Christian magicians	 they are usually sealed away in bottles	 rings	 or talismans. They torment the target selected by the conjuror.	AAAAAA==
203231	Angel	Ninth of the nineorders of angels.They are closest in nature to humans.They watch over individuals and warn those who stray from the path.	AAAAAA==
203232	Sandman	A fairy in German folklore who carries a bag of magical sand	 which puts humans to sleep when thrown into their eyes. If the victim resists	 the Sandman will sit on their eyelids.	AAAAAA==
203233	Sandman	A fairy in German folklore who carries a bag of magical sand	 which puts humans to sleep when thrown into their eyes. If the victim resists	 the Sandman will sit on their eyelids.	AAAAAA==
203241	Apsaras	Hindu water spirits	 they are beautiful young women who dance for the gods. They also guide heroes fallen in battle to paradise.	AAAAAA==
203242	Apsaras	Hindu water spirits	 they are beautiful young women who dance for the gods. They also guide heroes fallen in battle to paradise.	AAAAAA==
203251	Nekomata	Long-lived cats are said to become these malevolent cat demons. Their powers vary according to how long they have lived	 ranging from shape-shifting to controlling the dead.	AAAAAA==
203252	Nekomata	Long-lived cats are said to become these malevolent cat demons. Their powers vary according to how long they have lived	 ranging from shape-shifting to controlling the dead.	AAAAAA==
203261	Orobas	One of the 72 demons of the Goetia. Known as the Prince of Hell	 he appears as a horse and answers questions of the past	 present	 and future. He is faithful to his conjurer.	AAAAAA==
203262	High Pixie	The leader of a swarm of pixies. Any pixie in a leadership role or with remarkable power is called by this name.	AAAAAA==
203263	High Pixie	The leader of a swarm of pixies. Any pixie in a leadership role or with remarkable power is called by this name.	AAAAAA==
203271	Nekomata	Long-lived cats are said to become these malevolent cat demons. Their powers vary according to how long they have lived	 ranging from shape-shifting to controlling the dead.	AAAAAA==
203272	Nekomata	Long-lived cats are said to become these malevolent cat demons. Their powers vary according to how long they have lived	 ranging from shape-shifting to controlling the dead.	AAAAAA==
203273	Nekomata	Long-lived cats are said to become these malevolent cat demons. Their powers vary according to how long they have lived	 ranging from shape-shifting to controlling the dead.	AAAAAA==
203281	Sandman	A fairy in German folklore who carries a bag of magical sand	 which puts humans to sleep when thrown into their eyes. If the victim resists	 the Sandman will sit on their eyelids.	AAAAAA==
203282	Sandman	A fairy in German folklore who carries a bag of magical sand	 which puts humans to sleep when thrown into their eyes. If the victim resists	 the Sandman will sit on their eyelids.	AAAAAA==
203283	Kushi Mitama	One of the four aspects of Shinto thought	 it uses its power to bring blessings related to healing illnesses and staying healthy. It is said to have supernatural powers and cause mysterious events.	AAAAAA==
203284	Kushi Mitama	One of the four aspects of Shinto thought	 it uses its power to bring blessings related to healing illnesses and staying healthy. It is said to have supernatural powers and cause mysterious events.	AAAAAA==
203291	High Pixie	The leader of a swarm of pixies. Any pixie in a leadership role or with remarkable power is called by this name.	AAAAAA==
203292	High Pixie	The leader of a swarm of pixies. Any pixie in a leadership role or with remarkable power is called by this name.	AAAAAA==
203293	High Pixie	The leader of a swarm of pixies. Any pixie in a leadership role or with remarkable power is called by this name.	AAAAAA==
203294	High Pixie	The leader of a swarm of pixies. Any pixie in a leadership role or with remarkable power is called by this name.	AAAAAA==
203301	Genbu	One of the Ssu-Ling	 celestial creatures of Chinese myth. It represents the direction north	 the season of winter	 and the element of water. Known to be a great warrior	 it supports the Earth from below.	AAAAAA==
203302	Hua Po	A spirit of Chinese folklore who dwells in trees once used for hangings. She is smaller than a human and cannot speak	 but her voice is said to be as clear and as beautiful as a bird's song.	AAAAAA==
203303	Hua Po	A spirit of Chinese folklore who dwells in trees once used for hangings. She is smaller than a human and cannot speak	 but her voice is said to be as clear and as beautiful as a bird's song.	AAAAAA==
203311	Berith	One of the 72 demons of the Goetia. Known as the Duke of Hell	 he rides a gigantic horse and burns those without manners.	AAAAAA==
203312	Mokoi	Evil spirits of Murngin lore believed to be reborn shadows. They kidnap and eat children	 and strike down any sorcerer who uses black magic.	AAAAAA==
203313	Mokoi	Evil spirits of Murngin lore believed to be reborn shadows. They kidnap and eat children	 and strike down any sorcerer who uses black magic.	AAAAAA==
203321	Jack Frost	A winter fairy of European descent. He leaves ice patterns on windows and nips people's noses. Though normally an innocent creature	 he will freeze his victims to death if provoked.	AAAAAA==
203322	Mandrake	A magical plant whose roots look like a human. They are valued for their healing properties in potions	 but the screams they let out when pulled from the ground will kill anyone who hears them.	AAAAAA==
203323	Mandrake	A magical plant whose roots look like a human. They are valued for their healing properties in potions	 but the screams they let out when pulled from the ground will kill anyone who hears them.	AAAAAA==
203331	Obariyon	A "piggyback monster" of Japan that jumps on the backs of those who pass grassy paths. It is heavy and not easily removed	 but will turn into gold coins if you can carry it back home.	AAAAAA==
203332	Obariyon	A "piggyback monster" of Japan that jumps on the backs of those who pass grassy paths. It is heavy and not easily removed	 but will turn into gold coins if you can carry it back home.	AAAAAA==
203341	Orobas	One of the 72 demons of the Goetia. Known as the Prince of Hell	 he appears as a horse and answers questions of the past	 present	 and future. He is faithful to his conjurer.	AAAAAA==
203342	Orobas	One of the 72 demons of the Goetia. Known as the Prince of Hell	 he appears as a horse and answers questions of the past	 present	 and future. He is faithful to his conjurer.	AAAAAA==
203351	Inugami	A dog spirit said to possess people in Japanese lore. Those possessed are in a state of "inu-tsuki" and lose consciousness. Onmyoji use Inugami as familiars.	AAAAAA==
203352	Inugami	A dog spirit said to possess people in Japanese lore. Those possessed are in a state of "inu-tsuki" and lose consciousness. Onmyoji use Inugami as familiars.	AAAAAA==
203361	Genbu	One of the Ssu-Ling	 celestial creatures of Chinese myth. It represents the direction north	 the season of winter	 and the element of water. Known to be a great warrior	 it supports the Earth from below.	AAAAAA==
203362	Kodama	Japanese plant spirits born from trees that have lived for a hundred years. Cutting down one of these trees is said to cause misfortune.	AAAAAA==
203363	Kodama	Japanese plant spirits born from trees that have lived for a hundred years. Cutting down one of these trees is said to cause misfortune.	AAAAAA==
203371	Angel	Ninth of the nineorders of angels.They are closest in nature to humans.They watch over individuals and warn those who stray from the path.	AAAAAA==
203372	Angel	Ninth of the nineorders of angels.They are closest in nature to humans.They watch over individuals and warn those who stray from the path.	AAAAAA==
203373	Nekomata	Long-lived cats are said to become these malevolent cat demons. Their powers vary according to how long they have lived	 ranging from shape-shifting to controlling the dead.	AAAAAA==
203374	Nekomata	Long-lived cats are said to become these malevolent cat demons. Their powers vary according to how long they have lived	 ranging from shape-shifting to controlling the dead.	AAAAAA==
203381	Sandman	A fairy in German folklore who carries a bag of magical sand	 which puts humans to sleep when thrown into their eyes. If the victim resists	 the Sandman will sit on their eyelids.	AAAAAA==
203382	Sandman	A fairy in German folklore who carries a bag of magical sand	 which puts humans to sleep when thrown into their eyes. If the victim resists	 the Sandman will sit on their eyelids.	AAAAAA==
203383	Kushi Mitama	One of the four aspects of Shinto thought	 it uses its power to bring blessings related to healing illnesses and staying healthy. It is said to have supernatural powers and cause mysterious events.	AAAAAA==
203384	Kushi Mitama	One of the four aspects of Shinto thought	 it uses its power to bring blessings related to healing illnesses and staying healthy. It is said to have supernatural powers and cause mysterious events.	AAAAAA==
203391	Berith	One of the 72 demons of the Goetia. Known as the Duke of Hell	 he rides a gigantic horse and burns those without manners.	AAAAAA==
203392	Agathion	A general term for familiars used by Judeo-Christian magicians	 they are usually sealed away in bottles	 rings	 or talismans. They torment the target selected by the conjuror.	AAAAAA==
203393	Agathion	A general term for familiars used by Judeo-Christian magicians	 they are usually sealed away in bottles	 rings	 or talismans. They torment the target selected by the conjuror.	AAAAAA==
203401	Silky	A fairy of England and Scotland. She carries out household chores while everyone sleeps and is a welcome spirit. It is said you can hear her silk skirt rustle as she works.	AAAAAA==
203402	Hua Po	A spirit of Chinese folklore who dwells in trees once used for hangings. She is smaller than a human and cannot speak	 but her voice is said to be as clear and as beautiful as a bird's song.	AAAAAA==
203403	Hua Po	A spirit of Chinese folklore who dwells in trees once used for hangings. She is smaller than a human and cannot speak	 but her voice is said to be as clear and as beautiful as a bird's song.	AAAAAA==
203411	Mokoi	Evil spirits of Murngin lore believed to be reborn shadows. They kidnap and eat children	 and strike down any sorcerer who uses black magic.	AAAAAA==
203412	Mokoi	Evil spirits of Murngin lore believed to be reborn shadows. They kidnap and eat children	 and strike down any sorcerer who uses black magic.	AAAAAA==
203413	Mokoi	Evil spirits of Murngin lore believed to be reborn shadows. They kidnap and eat children	 and strike down any sorcerer who uses black magic.	AAAAAA==
203421	Ippon-Datara	A one-eyed	 one-legged monster said to live deep in the mountains of Kumano	 Japan. It's believed to be the degraded blacksmith god	 Ame no Me-Hitotsu no Kami.	AAAAAA==
203422	Ippon-Datara	A one-eyed	 one-legged monster said to live deep in the mountains of Kumano	 Japan. It's believed to be the degraded blacksmith god	 Ame no Me-Hitotsu no Kami.	AAAAAA==
203431	Ippon-Datara	A one-eyed	 one-legged monster said to live deep in the mountains of Kumano	 Japan. It's believed to be the degraded blacksmith god	 Ame no Me-Hitotsu no Kami.	AAAAAA==
203432	Ippon-Datara	A one-eyed	 one-legged monster said to live deep in the mountains of Kumano	 Japan. It's believed to be the degraded blacksmith god	 Ame no Me-Hitotsu no Kami.	AAAAAA==
203441	Angel	Ninth of the nineorders of angels.They are closest in nature to humans.They watch over individuals and warn those who stray from the path.	AAAAAA==
203442	Angel	Ninth of the nineorders of angels.They are closest in nature to humans.They watch over individuals and warn those who stray from the path.	AAAAAA==
203451	Neko Shogun	A prophetic Taoist god	 originally known as Mao Shogun. Due to a linguistic error involving the Chinese word for "cat	 his name was changed to Neko Shogun.,AAAAAA==
203452,Neko Shogun,A prophetic Taoist god, originally known as Mao Shogun. Due to a linguistic error involving the Chinese word for cat	 his name was changed to Neko Shogun.,AAAAAA==
203461,Orobas,One of the 72 demons of the Goetia. Known as the Prince of Hell, he appears as a horse and answers questions of the past, present, and future. He is faithful to his conjurer.,AAAAAA==
203462,Angel,Ninth of the nineorders of angels.They are closest in nature to humans.They watch over individuals and warn those who stray from the path.,AAAAAA==
203463,Angel,Ninth of the nineorders of angels.They are closest in nature to humans.They watch over individuals and warn those who stray from the path.,AAAAAA==
203471,Berith,One of the 72 demons of the Goetia. Known as the Duke of Hell, he rides a gigantic horse and burns those without manners.,AAAAAA==
203472,Sudama,A spirit of rivers and mountains in Japanese lore, it dwells in ancient trees and ageless rocks. They are not evil, and will often appear as humans or supernatural wonders to warn people.,AAAAAA==
203473,Sudama,A spirit of rivers and mountains in Japanese lore, it dwells in ancient trees and ageless rocks. They are not evil, and will often appear as humans or supernatural wonders to warn people.,AAAAAA==
203481,Orthrus,The two-headed pet dog belonging to the giant Geryon of Greek myth. He guarded a herd of red oxen but was killed by Hercules during one of his twelve labors.,AAAAAA==
203482,Pixie,Friendly fairies of the forest that tend to hide from humans. They like to play tricks on lazy people. It is said they are the souls of dead, unbaptized children.,AAAAAA==
203483,Pixie,Friendly fairies of the forest that tend to hide from humans. They like to play tricks on lazy people. It is said they are the souls of dead, unbaptized children.,AAAAAA==
203491,Orthrus,The two-headed pet dog belonging to the giant Geryon of Greek myth. He guarded a herd of red oxen but was killed by Hercules during one of his twelve labors.,AAAAAA==
203492,Pixie,Friendly fairies of the forest that tend to hide from humans. They like to play tricks on lazy people. It is said they are the souls of dead, unbaptized children.,AAAAAA==
203493,Pixie,Friendly fairies of the forest that tend to hide from humans. They like to play tricks on lazy people. It is said they are the souls of dead, unbaptized children.,AAAAAA==
203501,Apsaras,Hindu water spirits, they are beautiful young women who dance for the gods. They also guide heroes fallen in battle to paradise.,AAAAAA==
203502,Angel,Ninth of the nineorders of angels.They are closest in nature to humans.They watch over individuals and warn those who stray from the path.,AAAAAA==
203503,Angel,Ninth of the nineorders of angels.They are closest in nature to humans.They watch over individuals and warn those who stray from the path.,AAAAAA==
203504,Succubus,A female demon of European lore in medieval times.
They visit sleeping men and have sexual intercourse with them.
The victims don't wake up but may dream of the encounter.,AAAAAA==
203505,Succubus,A female demon of European lore in medieval times. They visit sleeping men and have sexual intercourse with them. The victims don't wake up but may dream of the encounter.,AAAAAA==
203511,Apsaras,Hindu water spirits, they are beautiful young women who dance for the gods. They also guide heroes fallen in battle to paradise.,AAAAAA==
203512,Angel,Ninth of the nineorders of angels.They are closest in nature to humans.They watch over individuals and warn those who stray from the path.,AAAAAA==
203513,Angel,Ninth of the nineorders of angels.They are closest in nature to humans.They watch over individuals and warn those who stray from the path.,AAAAAA==
203514,Succubus,A female demon of European lore in medieval times. They visit sleeping men and have sexual intercourse with them. The victims don't wake up but may dream of the encounter.,AAAAAA==
203515,Succubus,A female demon of European lore in medieval times. They visit sleeping men and have sexual intercourse with them. The victims don't wake up but may dream of the encounter.,AAAAAA==
203521,Club Security Guard,-,AAAAAA==
203522,Koppa Tengu,A type of tengu. Their spiritual power is weaker than other tengu, so they are much smaller. They are said to be the reincarnations of long-lived wolves.,AAAAAA==
203523,Koppa Tengu,A type of tengu. Their spiritual power is weaker than other tengu, so they are much smaller. They are said to be the reincarnations of long-lived wolves.,AAAAAA==
203531,Eligor,One of the 72 demons of the Goetia. He looks like a knight and has the power to see things to come. He also knows much about war.,AAAAAA==
203532,Koppa Tengu,A type of tengu. Their spiritual power is weaker than other tengu, so they are much smaller. They are said to be the reincarnations of long-lived wolves.,AAAAAA==
203533,Koppa Tengu,A type of tengu. Their spiritual power is weaker than other tengu, so they are much smaller. They are said to be the reincarnations of long-lived wolves.,AAAAAA==
203541,Berith,One of the 72 demons of the Goetia. Known as the Duke of Hell, he rides a gigantic horse and burns those without manners.,AAAAAA==
203542,Angel,Ninth of the nineorders of angels.They are closest in nature to humans.They watch over individuals and warn those who stray from the path.,AAAAAA==
203543,Angel,Ninth of the nineorders of angels.They are closest in nature to humans.They watch over individuals and warn those who stray from the path.,AAAAAA==
203551,Phoenix,The legendary bird of Chinese myth, said to appear only in times of peace. It is the ruler of all birds. When it dies, birds across the land chirp with sadness.,AAAAAA==
203552,Phoenix,The legendary bird of Chinese myth, said to appear only in times of peace. It is the ruler of all birds. When it dies, birds across the land chirp with sadness.,AAAAAA==
203561,Phoenix,The legendary bird of Chinese myth, said to appear only in times of peace. It is the ruler of all birds. When it dies, birds across the land chirp with sadness.,AAAAAA==
203562,Phoenix,The legendary bird of Chinese myth, said to appear only in times of peace. It is the ruler of all birds. When it dies, birds across the land chirp with sadness.,AAAAAA==
203571,Jack Frost,A winter fairy of European descent. He leaves ice patterns on windows and nips people's noses. Though normally an innocent creature, he will freeze his victims to death if provoked.,AAAAAA==
203572,Jack Frost,A winter fairy of European descent. He leaves ice patterns on windows and nips people's noses. Though normally an innocent creature, he will freeze his victims to death if provoked.,AAAAAA==
203573,Jack Frost,A winter fairy of European descent. He leaves ice patterns on windows and nips people's noses. Though normally an innocent creature, he will freeze his victims to death if provoked.,AAAAAA==
203581,Ame-no-Uzume,Japanese goddess of entertainment, she governs many sacred dances. She is most famous for luring out Amaterasu, who had barricaded herself inside a cave.,AAAAAA==
203582,Incubus,A male demon of European lore in medieval times. They visit sleeping women and have sexual intercourse with them. The resulting children become witches or wizards.,AAAAAA==
203583,Incubus,A male demon of European lore in medieval times. They visit sleeping women and have sexual intercourse with them. The resulting children become witches or wizards.,AAAAAA==
203591,Ame-no-Uzume,Japanese goddess of entertainment, she governs many sacred dances. She is most famous for luring out Amaterasu, who had barricaded herself inside a cave.,AAAAAA==
203592,Incubus,A male demon of European lore in medieval times. They visit sleeping women and have sexual intercourse with them. The resulting children become witches or wizards.,AAAAAA==
203593,Incubus,A male demon of European lore in medieval times. They visit sleeping women and have sexual intercourse with them. The resulting children become witches or wizards.,AAAAAA==
203601,Angel,Ninth of the nineorders of angels.They are closest in nature to humans.They watch over individuals and warn those who stray from the path.,AAAAAA==
203602,Succubus,A female demon of European lore in medieval times. They visit sleeping men and have sexual intercourse with them. The victims don't wake up but may dream of the encounter.,AAAAAA==
203603,Succubus,A female demon of European lore in medieval times. They visit sleeping men and have sexual intercourse with them. The victims don't wake up but may dream of the encounter.,AAAAAA==
203604,Incubus,A male demon of European lore in medieval times. They visit sleeping women and have sexual intercourse with them. The resulting children become witches or wizards.,AAAAAA==
203605,Incubus,A male demon of European lore in medieval times. They visit sleeping women and have sexual intercourse with them. The resulting children become witches or wizards.,AAAAAA==
203611,Shiisaa,A holy beast said to protect houses from evil and bring good fortune. They look similar to Shinto guardian dogs, but are actually modeled after a lion. There are many stories about it in Ryukyu lore.,AAAAAA==
203612,Makami,A divine wolf god in Japanese folklore, also written as Oguchi-no-Magami." It is often drawn on prayer boards to prevent fires and thefts	 but it is also feared as a human-eater.	AAAAAA==
203613	Makami	A divine wolf god in Japanese folklore	 also written as "Oguchi-no-Magami." It is often drawn on prayer boards to prevent fires and thefts	 but it is also feared as a human-eater.	AAAAAA==
203621	Shiisaa	A holy beast said to protect houses from evil and bring good fortune. They look similar to Shinto guardian dogs	 but are actually modeled after a lion. There are many stories about it in Ryukyu lore.	AAAAAA==
203622	Makami	A divine wolf god in Japanese folklore	 also written as "Oguchi-no-Magami." It is often drawn on prayer boards to prevent fires and thefts	 but it is also feared as a human-eater.	AAAAAA==
203623	Makami	A divine wolf god in Japanese folklore	 also written as "Oguchi-no-Magami." It is often drawn on prayer boards to prevent fires and thefts	 but it is also feared as a human-eater.	AAAAAA==
203631	Jack Frost	A winter fairy of European descent. He leaves ice patterns on windows and nips people's noses. Though normally an innocent creature	 he will freeze his victims to death if provoked.	AAAAAA==
203632	Ippon-Datara	A one-eyed	 one-legged monster said to live deep in the mountains of Kumano	 Japan. It's believed to be the degraded blacksmith god	 Ame no Me-Hitotsu no Kami.	AAAAAA==
203633	Ippon-Datara	A one-eyed	 one-legged monster said to live deep in the mountains of Kumano	 Japan. It's believed to be the degraded blacksmith god	 Ame no Me-Hitotsu no Kami.	AAAAAA==
203634	Mokoi	Evil spirits of Murngin lore believed to be reborn shadows. They kidnap and eat children	 and strike down any sorcerer who uses black magic.	AAAAAA==
203635	Mokoi	Evil spirits of Murngin lore believed to be reborn shadows. They kidnap and eat children	 and strike down any sorcerer who uses black magic.	AAAAAA==
203641	Jack Frost	A winter fairy of European descent. He leaves ice patterns on windows and nips people's noses. Though normally an innocent creature	 he will freeze his victims to death if provoked.	AAAAAA==
203642	Ippon-Datara	A one-eyed	 one-legged monster said to live deep in the mountains of Kumano	 Japan. It's believed to be the degraded blacksmith god	 Ame no Me-Hitotsu no Kami.	AAAAAA==
203643	Ippon-Datara	A one-eyed	 one-legged monster said to live deep in the mountains of Kumano	 Japan. It's believed to be the degraded blacksmith god	 Ame no Me-Hitotsu no Kami.	AAAAAA==
203644	Mokoi	Evil spirits of Murngin lore believed to be reborn shadows. They kidnap and eat children	 and strike down any sorcerer who uses black magic.	AAAAAA==
203645	Mokoi	Evil spirits of Murngin lore believed to be reborn shadows. They kidnap and eat children	 and strike down any sorcerer who uses black magic.	AAAAAA==
203651	Zouchouten	Also known as Virudhaka	 he is the protector of the South	 and is one of the four Heavenly Kings of Buddhist origin. He is the god of the five grains	 and was once the chief of the gods.	AAAAAA==
203652	Zouchouten	Also known as Virudhaka	 he is the protector of the South	 and is one of the four Heavenly Kings of Buddhist origin. He is the god of the five grains	 and was once the chief of the gods.	AAAAAA==
203661	Zouchouten	Also known as Virudhaka	 he is the protector of the South	 and is one of the four Heavenly Kings of Buddhist origin. He is the god of the five grains	 and was once the chief of the gods.	AAAAAA==
203662	Zouchouten	Also known as Virudhaka	 he is the protector of the South	 and is one of the four Heavenly Kings of Buddhist origin. He is the god of the five grains	 and was once the chief of the gods.	AAAAAA==
203671	Club Security Guard	-	AAAAAA==
203681	Anubis	The jackal-headed god of the dead and embalming from Egyptian myth. He weighs the hearts of the dead to determine their final destination.	AAAAAA==
203691	Sarasvati	The Hindu goddess of rivers	 and patron of speech	 writing	 learning	 the arts	 and sciences. Brahma is her husband.	AAAAAA==
203692	Jack-o'-Lantern	A drunkard who tricked the Devil out of taking him to Hell. When refused entry to Heaven	 he was forced to wander the earth with only an ember as a light.	AAAAAA==
203693	Jack-o'-Lantern	A drunkard who tricked the Devil out of taking him to Hell. When refused entry to Heaven	 he was forced to wander the earth with only an ember as a light.	AAAAAA==
203701	Sarasvati	The Hindu goddess of rivers	 and patron of speech	 writing	 learning	 the arts	 and sciences. Brahma is her husband.	AAAAAA==
203702	Jack-o'-Lantern	A drunkard who tricked the Devil out of taking him to Hell. When refused entry to Heaven	 he was forced to wander the earth with only an ember as a light.	AAAAAA==
203703	Jack-o'-Lantern	A drunkard who tricked the Devil out of taking him to Hell. When refused entry to Heaven	 he was forced to wander the earth with only an ember as a light.	AAAAAA==
201231	Secret Keeper	-	AAAAAA==
201232	Clotho	The youngest of the three Moirae Sisters of Greek legend. She spins the threads of life with her spindle.	AAAAAA==
201233	Clotho	The youngest of the three Moirae Sisters of Greek legend. She spins the threads of life with her spindle.	AAAAAA==
201241	Player Sato	-	AAAAAA==
201242	Agathion	A general term for familiars used by Judeo-Christian magicians	 they are usually sealed away in bottles	 rings	 or talismans. They torment the target selected by the conjuror.	AAAAAA==
201243	Agathion	A general term for familiars used by Judeo-Christian magicians	 they are usually sealed away in bottles	 rings	 or talismans. They torment the target selected by the conjuror.	AAAAAA==
201221	Genbu	One of the Ssu-Ling	 celestial creatures of Chinese myth. It represents the direction north	 the season of winter	 and the element of water. Known to be a great warrior	 it supports the Earth from below.	1. At the start of battle	 Genbu will gain <color=#FF423F>Black Tortoiseshell</color> stacks equal to its <color=#FF423F>Down Points</color>	 and its Defense and damage reduction will increase with each stack.
2. When Genbu is hit by an attack other than its weakness or a Physical critical	 it will gain 1 <color=#FF423F>Down Point</color> and <color=#FF423F>Black Tortoiseshell</color> stack each. When hit by its weakness or a Physical critical attack	 it will lose 1 <color=#FF423F>Black Tortoiseshell</color> stack.
3. When Genbu is at 8 Black Tortoiseshell stacks on its action	 it will activate <color=#FF423F>Genbu's Rage</color>	 dealing heavy Ice damage to all Phantom Thieves.
4. The effect of <color=#FF423F>Black Tortoiseshell</color> also applies to other Shadows.
201222	Pixie	Friendly fairies of the forest that tend to hide from humans. They like to play tricks on lazy people. It is said they are the souls of dead	 unbaptized children.	AAAAAA==
201223	Pixie	Friendly fairies of the forest that tend to hide from humans. They like to play tricks on lazy people. It is said they are the souls of dead	 unbaptized children.	AAAAAA==
201224	Pixie	Friendly fairies of the forest that tend to hide from humans. They like to play tricks on lazy people. It is said they are the souls of dead	 unbaptized children.	AAAAAA==
201225	Pixie	Friendly fairies of the forest that tend to hide from humans. They like to play tricks on lazy people. It is said they are the souls of dead	 unbaptized children.	AAAAAA==
201244	Genbu	One of the Ssu-Ling	 celestial creatures of Chinese myth. It represents the direction north	 the season of winter	 and the element of water. Known to be a great warrior	 it supports the Earth from below.	1. At the start of battle	 Genbu will gain <color=#FF423F>Black Tortoiseshell</color> stacks equal to its <color=#FF423F>Down Points</color>	 and its Defense and damage reduction will increase with each stack.
2. When Genbu is hit by an attack other than its weakness or a Physical critical attack	 it will gain 1 <color=#FF423F>Down Point</color> and <color=#FF423F>Black Tortoiseshell</color> stack. When hit by its weakness or a Physical critical attack	 it will lose 1 <color=#FF423F>Black Tortoiseshell</color> stack.
3. When Genbu takes action	 it may activate <color=#FF423F>Genbu's Rage</color>	 dealing heavy Ice damage to all Phantom Thieves. The damage increases based on the number of <color=#FF423F>Black Tortoiseshell</color> stacks.
201251	Genbu	One of the Ssu-Ling	 celestial creatures of Chinese myth. It represents the direction north	 the season of winter	 and the element of water. Known to be a great warrior	 it supports the Earth from below.	1. At the start of battle	 Genbu will gain <color=#FF423F>Black Tortoiseshell</color> stacks equal to its <color=#FF423F>Down Points</color>	 and its Defense and damage reduction will increase with each stack.
2. When Genbu is hit by an attack other than its weakness or a Physical critical attack	 it will gain 1 <color=#FF423F>Down Point</color> and <color=#FF423F>Black Tortoiseshell</color> stack. When hit by its weakness or a Physical critical attack	 it will lose 1 <color=#FF423F>Black Tortoiseshell</color> stack.
3. When Genbu reaches 8 <color=#FF423F>Black Tortoiseshell</color> stacks on its action	 it will activate Genbu's Rage	 dealing heavy Ice damage to all Phantom Thieves.
4. Apsaras will periodically grant Elec Wall to Genbu.
201252	Apsaras	Hindu water spirits	 they are beautiful young women who dance for the gods. They also guide heroes fallen in battle to paradise.	AAAAAA==
202211	Archangel	Eighth of the nine orders of angels. Their duty is to minister to humans and deliver messages. They are warriors of Heaven and lead Heaven's forces during battle with the armies of evil.	1. Archangel will make Phantom Thieves <color=#FF423F>Dizzy</color> for 2 turns. At the start of the next turn	 if any Phantom Thieves are <color=#FF423F>Dizzy</color>	 Archangel will use Lunge to deal heavy damage.
2. Archangel will make Phantom Thieves <color=#FF423F>Dizzy</color> based on their turn order.
3. If Archangel's <color=#FF423F>Shield</color> is broken	 all Phantom Thieves will recover from <color=#FF423F>Dizziness</color>.
202212	Angel	Ninth of the nineorders of angels.They are closest in nature to humans.They watch over individuals and warn those who stray from the path.	AAAAAA==
202213	Angel	Ninth of the nineorders of angels.They are closest in nature to humans.They watch over individuals and warn those who stray from the path.	AAAAAA==
202241	Archangel	Eighth of the nine orders of angels. Their duty is to minister to humans and deliver messages. They are warriors of Heaven and lead Heaven's forces during battle with the armies of evil.	Archangel will make Phantom Thieves <color=#FF423F>Dizzy</color> for 2 turns. At the start of the next turn	 if any Phantom Thieves are <color=#FF423F>Dizzy</color>	 Archangel will use Lunge to deal heavy damage.
202242	Archangel	Eighth of the nine orders of angels. Their duty is to minister to humans and deliver messages. They are warriors of Heaven and lead Heaven's forces during battle with the armies of evil.	Archangel will make Phantom Thieves <color=#FF423F>Dizzy</color> for 2 turns. At the start of the next turn	 if any Phantom Thieves are <color=#FF423F>Dizzy</color>	 Archangel will use Lunge to deal heavy damage.
202271	Archangel	Eighth of the nine orders of angels. Their duty is to minister to humans and deliver messages. They are warriors of Heaven and lead Heaven's forces during battle with the armies of evil.	1. Archangel will make Phantom Thieves <color=#FF423F>Dizzy</color> for 2 turns. At the start of the next turn	 if any Phantom Thieves are <color=#FF423F>Dizzy</color>	 Archangel will use Lunge to deal heavy damage.
2. When Archangel is attacked	 it will inflict 1 <color=#FF423F>Sin</color> stack on the attacker. The Phantom Thief with the most <color=#FF423F>Sin</color> stacks will become Dizzy.
3. Archangel deals more damage based on the number of <color=#FF423F>Sin</color> stacks present.
4. Attacking Apsaras will remove 1 <color=#FF423F>Sin</color> stack.
202272	Apsaras	Hindu water spirits	 they are beautiful young women who dance for the gods. They also guide heroes fallen in battle to paradise.	AAAAAA==
202273	Apsaras	Hindu water spirits	 they are beautiful young women who dance for the gods. They also guide heroes fallen in battle to paradise.	AAAAAA==
202311	Archangel	Eighth of the nine orders of angels. Their duty is to minister to humans and deliver messages. They are warriors of Heaven and lead Heaven's forces during battle with the armies of evil.	1. Archangel will inflict Phantom Thieves with <color=#FF423F>Dizzy</color> for 2 turns. At the start of the next turn	 if any Phantom Thieves are <color=#FF423F>Dizzy</color>	 Archangel will use Lunge to deal heavy damage.
2. The Shadow has 2 stances	 <color=#FF423F>Attack Position</color> and <color=#FF423F>Defense Position</color>.
<color=#FF423F>Attack Position</color> increases Attack by 10% each turn	 and resets when the stance is changed.
<color=#FF423F>Defense Position</color> increases Defense by 10% each turn	 and resets when the stance is changed.
3. At the start of battle	 Archangel selects 1 Phantom Thief	 and changes stances each time it is attacked by that Thief. The selected Thief cannot become <color=#FF423F>Dizzy</color>.
4. When in Attack Position	 Archangel will use Lunge against all Phantom Thieves. When in Defense Position	 Archangel will cause attackers to become <color=#FF423F>Dizzy</color>.
202312	Berith	One of the 72 demons of the Goetia. Known as the Duke of Hell	 he rides a gigantic horse and burns those without manners.	AAAAAA==
202313	Berith	One of the 72 demons of the Goetia. Known as the Duke of Hell	 he rides a gigantic horse and burns those without manners.	AAAAAA==
203711	Eligor	One of the 72 demons of the Goetia. He looks like a knight and has the power to see things to come. He also knows much about war.	1. At the start of battle	 Eligor activates <color=#FF423F>Royal Domain</color>.
<color=#FF423F>Royal Domain</color> changes all the user's affinities to <color=#FF423F>Null</color>.
2. On Eligor's turn	 it summons 1 Berith and activates <color=#FF423F>Royal Aid</color>.
<color=#FF423F>Royal Aid</color> is granted to 1 Berith	 heals 50% of its max HP	 negates 50% of damage taken for 1 turn	 and inflicts <color=#FF423F>Taunt</color> on all Phantom Thieves.
3. If a Berith is defeated	 Eligor loses a certain amount of HP.
4. If the number of Beriths increases	 Eligor activates <color=#FF423F>Royal Conquest</color>	 dealing heavy Physical damage to all Phantom Thieves.
203712	Berith	One of the 72 demons of the Goetia. Known as the Duke of Hell	 he rides a gigantic horse and burns those without manners.	AAAAAA==
203713	Berith	One of the 72 demons of the Goetia. Known as the Duke of Hell	 he rides a gigantic horse and burns those without manners.	AAAAAA==
203714	Berith	One of the 72 demons of the Goetia. Known as the Duke of Hell	 he rides a gigantic horse and burns those without manners.	AAAAAA==
203731	Eligor	One of the 72 demons of the Goetia. He looks like a knight and has the power to see things to come. He also knows much about war.	1. On Eligor's action	 it summons 1 Berith and activates Royal Favor.
<color=#FF423F>Royal Favor</color> is granted to 1 Berith	 decreasing its Defense but greatly increasing its damage.
2. When Eligor dies	 all Beriths gain <color=#FF423F>Royal Favor</color>.
3. If the number of Beriths increases	 Eligor activates <color=#FF423F>Royal Conquest</color>	 dealing heavy Physical damage to all Phantom Thieves.
203732	Berith	One of the 72 demons of the Goetia. Known as the Duke of Hell	 he rides a gigantic horse and burns those without manners.	AAAAAA==
203733	Berith	One of the 72 demons of the Goetia. Known as the Duke of Hell	 he rides a gigantic horse and burns those without manners.	AAAAAA==
203751	Eligor	One of the 72 demons of the Goetia. He looks like a knight and has the power to see things to come. He also knows much about war.	1. On Eligor's action	 it summons 1 Berith and activates <color=#FF423F>Royal Decree</color>.
<color=#FF423F>Royal Decree</color>: Select 1 Phantom Thief	 and Berith focuses attacks on that Thief for the next turn.
2. When Eligor has <color=#FF423F>Royal Majesty</color> and attacks a Phantom Thief with a skill	 the target's damage taken is permanently increased.
203752	Berith	One of the 72 demons of the Goetia. Known as the Duke of Hell	 he rides a gigantic horse and burns those without manners.	AAAAAA==
203753	Berith	One of the 72 demons of the Goetia. Known as the Duke of Hell	 he rides a gigantic horse and burns those without manners.	AAAAAA==
203754	Berith	One of the 72 demons of the Goetia. Known as the Duke of Hell	 he rides a gigantic horse and burns those without manners.	AAAAAA==
203771	Eligor	One of the 72 demons of the Goetia. He looks like a knight and has the power to see things to come. He also knows much about war.	1. On Eligor's action	 it can summon 1 Berith and activate <color=#FF423F>Royal Authority</color>.
Royal Authority grants <color=#FF423F>Royal Fealty</color> to 1 Berith. When Eligor takes damage	 this Berith will take damage instead.
2. When a Berith is defeated	 Eligor gains 1 <color=#FF423F>Royal Sorrow</color> stack. When it has 3 stacks	 it enters the Royal Wrath state.
3. When Royal Wrath is active	 Eligor can activate Royal Conquest	 dealing heavy Physical damage to all Phantom Thieves.
203772	Berith	One of the 72 demons of the Goetia. Known as the Duke of Hell	 he rides a gigantic horse and burns those without manners.	AAAAAA==
203773	Berith	One of the 72 demons of the Goetia. Known as the Duke of Hell	 he rides a gigantic horse and burns those without manners.	AAAAAA==
203791	Eligor	One of the 72 demons of the Goetia. He looks like a knight and has the power to see things to come. He also knows much about war.	1. At the start of battle	 Eligor activates <color=#FF423F>Royal Domain</color>.
While Royal Domain is active	 all Shadows have increased Attack and Defense.
2. On Eligor's action	 it can activate <color=#FF423F>Royal Healing</color> to restore HP to all Shadows.
203792	Berith	One of the 72 demons of the Goetia. Known as the Duke of Hell	 he rides a gigantic horse and burns those without manners.	AAAAAA==
203793	Berith	One of the 72 demons of the Goetia. Known as the Duke of Hell	 he rides a gigantic horse and burns those without manners.	AAAAAA==
203871	Yaksini	A female demon in Hindu lore. Though originally a Dravidian fertility goddess	 the spread of Hinduism changed perception of her to a demonic figure. Usually depicted as a nude	 voluptuous female.	1. Every 2 turns	 Yaksini will activate True Wage War.
True Wage War has a high chance to <color=#FF423F>Enrage</color> all Phantom Thieves.
<color=#FF423F>Rage</color> causes the target to <color=#FF423F>use normal attacks uncontrollably</color>. Attack is greatly increased	 and Defense is greatly decreased.
2. When Yaksini is attacked	 it gains 1 Yaksha stack	 increasing its Attack for each stack.
203872	Nekomata	Long-lived cats are said to become these malevolent cat demons. Their powers vary according to how long they have lived	 ranging from shape-shifting to controlling the dead.	AAAAAA==
203873	Nekomata	Long-lived cats are said to become these malevolent cat demons. Their powers vary according to how long they have lived	 ranging from shape-shifting to controlling the dead.	AAAAAA==
203891	Yaksini	A female demon in Hindu lore. Though originally a Dravidian fertility goddess	 the spread of Hinduism changed perception of her to a demonic figure. Usually depicted as a nude	 voluptuous female.	1. Every 2 turns	 Yaksini will become <color=#FF423F>Enraged</color>	 and randomly target 1 Phantom Thief to deal heavy Physical damage on the next turn.
<color=#FF423F>Rage</color> causes target to <color=#FF423F>use normal attacks uncontrollably</color>. Attack is greatly increased	 and Defense is greatly decreased.
2. When Yaksini is attacked	 it gains 1 Yaksha stack	 increasing its Attack for each stack.
203892	Orobas	One of the 72 demons of the Goetia. Known as the Prince of Hell	 he appears as a horse and answers questions of the past	 present	 and future. He is faithful to his conjurer.	AAAAAA==
203893	Orobas	One of the 72 demons of the Goetia. Known as the Prince of Hell	 he appears as a horse and answers questions of the past	 present	 and future. He is faithful to his conjurer.	AAAAAA==
203911	Yaksini	A female demon in Hindu lore. Though originally a Dravidian fertility goddess	 the spread of Hinduism changed perception of her to a demonic figure. Usually depicted as a nude	 voluptuous female.	1. When Yaksini's HP falls below 50% for the first time	 it will activate True Wage War	 and enter Counterattack Stance for 1 turn.
True Wage War has a high chance to <color=#FF423F>Enrage</color> all Phantom Thieves.
Rage causes target to <color=#FF423F>use normal attacks uncontrollably</color>. Attack is greatly increased	 and Defense is greatly decreased.
Counterattack Stance: When Yaksini is attacked	 it will counterattack and deal single-target Physical damage to the attacker.
2. When Yaksini is attacked	 it gains 1 Yaksha stack	 increasing its Attack for each stack.
203912	Angel	Ninth of the nineorders of angels.They are closest in nature to humans.They watch over individuals and warn those who stray from the path.	AAAAAA==
203931	Yaksini	A female demon in Hindu lore. Though originally a Dravidian fertility goddess	 the spread of Hinduism changed perception of her to a demonic figure. Usually depicted as a nude	 voluptuous female.	1. Every 2 turns	 Yaksini will activate True Wage War.
True Wage War has a high chance to <color=#FF423F>Enrage</color> all Phantom Thieves.
<color=#FF423F>Rage</color> causes the target to <color=#FF423F>use normal attacks uncontrollably</color>. Attack is greatly increased	 and Defense is greatly decreased.
2. When Yaksini is attacked	 it gains 1 Yaksha stack	 increasing its Attack for each stack.
203932	Inugami	A dog spirit said to possess people in Japanese lore. Those possessed are in a state of "inu-tsuki" and lose consciousness. Onmyoji use Inugami as familiars.	The damage Inugami receives from normal attacks is greatly decreased. When Inugami is defeated	 all Phantom Thieves gain <color=#FF423F>Inugami's Blessing</color>	 significantly increasing ailment resistance for 2 turns.
203933	Inugami	A dog spirit said to possess people in Japanese lore. Those possessed are in a state of "inu-tsuki" and lose consciousness. Onmyoji use Inugami as familiars.	The damage Inugami receives from normal attacks is greatly decreased. When Inugami is defeated	 all Phantom Thieves gain <color=#FF423F>Inugami's Blessing</color>	 significantly increasing ailment resistance for 2 turns.
203934	Inugami	A dog spirit said to possess people in Japanese lore. Those possessed are in a state of "inu-tsuki" and lose consciousness. Onmyoji use Inugami as familiars.	The damage Inugami receives from normal attacks is greatly decreased. When Inugami is defeated	 all Phantom Thieves gain <color=#FF423F>Inugami's Blessing</color>	 significantly increasing ailment resistance for 2 turns.
205011	Shadow Kiuchi	Takeyuki Kiuchi's form in the cognitive world. His appearance reflects his distorted desires.	AAAAAA==
205021	Takeyuki "Cupid" Kiuchi	Shadow Kiuchi completely distorted by desire. Having lost all sense of self	 he can no longer maintain a human form.	AAAAAA==
205022	Devoted Girl	Kiuchi's personal cheerleader born from his cognition. She exists solely to cheer him on.	AAAAAA==
205023	Delusional Girl	Kiuchi's personal cheerleader born from his cognition. She exists solely to cheer him on.	AAAAAA==
205024	Devoted Girl	Kiuchi's personal cheerleader born from his cognition. She exists solely to cheer him on.	AAAAAA==
205025	Delusional Girl	Kiuchi's personal cheerleader born from his cognition. She exists solely to cheer him on.	AAAAAA==
205026	Shadow Kiuchi	Takeyuki Kiuchi's form in the cognitive world. His appearance reflects his distorted desires.	AAAAAA==
205027	Takeyuki "Cupid" Kiuchi	Shadow Kiuchi completely distorted by desire. Having lost all sense of self	 he can no longer maintain a human form.	AAAAAA==
205028	Takeyuki "Cupid" Kiuchi	Shadow Kiuchi completely distorted by desire. Having lost all sense of self	 he can no longer maintain a human form.	AAAAAA==
205029	Takeyuki "Cupid" Kiuchi	Shadow Kiuchi completely distorted by desire. Having lost all sense of self	 he can no longer maintain a human form.	AAAAAA==
210001	Ippon-Datara	A one-eyed	 one-legged monster said to live deep in the mountains of Kumano	 Japan. It's believed to be the degraded blacksmith god	 Ame no Me-Hitotsu no Kami.	AAAAAA==
210002	Koppa Tengu	A type of tengu. Their spiritual power is weaker than other tengu	 so they are much smaller. They are said to be the reincarnations of long-lived wolves.	AAAAAA==
211011	Obariyon	A "piggyback monster" of Japan that jumps on the backs of those who pass grassy paths. It is heavy and not easily removed	 but will turn into gold coins if you can carry it back home.	AAAAAA==
211012	Obariyon	A "piggyback monster" of Japan that jumps on the backs of those who pass grassy paths. It is heavy and not easily removed	 but will turn into gold coins if you can carry it back home.	AAAAAA==
211021	Mokoi	Evil spirits of Murngin lore believed to be reborn shadows. They kidnap and eat children	 and strike down any sorcerer who uses black magic.	AAAAAA==
211022	Mokoi	Evil spirits of Murngin lore believed to be reborn shadows. They kidnap and eat children	 and strike down any sorcerer who uses black magic.	AAAAAA==
211031	Koppa Tengu	A type of tengu. Their spiritual power is weaker than other tengu	 so they are much smaller. They are said to be the reincarnations of long-lived wolves.	AAAAAA==
211032	Koropokguru	Small human-like creatures that have kind	 calm personalities. Once coexisting with the Ainu people of Japan	 there was a falling out at some point	 and they disappeared.	AAAAAA==
211033	Koropokguru	Small human-like creatures that have kind	 calm personalities. Once coexisting with the Ainu people of Japan	 there was a falling out at some point	 and they disappeared.	AAAAAA==
211041	Obariyon	A "piggyback monster" of Japan that jumps on the backs of those who pass grassy paths. It is heavy and not easily removed	 but will turn into gold coins if you can carry it back home.	AAAAAA==
211042	Saki Mitama	One of the four aspects of Shinto thought	 it brings great bounty from the hunt. It is said to aid in love	 profit	 and growth	 and can create new paths.	AAAAAA==
211043	Saki Mitama	One of the four aspects of Shinto thought	 it brings great bounty from the hunt. It is said to aid in love	 profit	 and growth	 and can create new paths.	AAAAAA==
211051	Koppa Tengu	A type of tengu. Their spiritual power is weaker than other tengu	 so they are much smaller. They are said to be the reincarnations of long-lived wolves.	AAAAAA==
211052	Koppa Tengu	A type of tengu. Their spiritual power is weaker than other tengu	 so they are much smaller. They are said to be the reincarnations of long-lived wolves.	AAAAAA==
211061	Ippon-Datara	A one-eyed	 one-legged monster said to live deep in the mountains of Kumano	 Japan. It's believed to be the degraded blacksmith god	 Ame no Me-Hitotsu no Kami.	AAAAAA==
211062	Koppa Tengu	A type of tengu. Their spiritual power is weaker than other tengu	 so they are much smaller. They are said to be the reincarnations of long-lived wolves.	AAAAAA==
211063	Koppa Tengu	A type of tengu. Their spiritual power is weaker than other tengu	 so they are much smaller. They are said to be the reincarnations of long-lived wolves.	AAAAAA==
211071	Oni	An evil monster from Japanese lore known for its hideous visage and brute strength. They loot and plunder villages	 massacring the townspeople with their iron clubs. They have horns on their heads	 red skin	 long claws	 and razor-sharp teeth.	AAAAAA==
211081	Saki Mitama	One of the four aspects of Shinto thought	 it brings great bounty from the hunt. It is said to aid in love	 profit	 and growth	 and can create new paths.	AAAAAA==
211082	Saki Mitama	One of the four aspects of Shinto thought	 it brings great bounty from the hunt. It is said to aid in love	 profit	 and growth	 and can create new paths.	AAAAAA==
211091	Koppa Tengu	A type of tengu. Their spiritual power is weaker than other tengu	 so they are much smaller. They are said to be the reincarnations of long-lived wolves.	AAAAAA==
211092	Koppa Tengu	A type of tengu. Their spiritual power is weaker than other tengu	 so they are much smaller. They are said to be the reincarnations of long-lived wolves.	AAAAAA==
211093	Obariyon	A "piggyback monster" of Japan that jumps on the backs of those who pass grassy paths. It is heavy and not easily removed	 but will turn into gold coins if you can carry it back home.	AAAAAA==
211094	Obariyon	A "piggyback monster" of Japan that jumps on the backs of those who pass grassy paths. It is heavy and not easily removed	 but will turn into gold coins if you can carry it back home.	AAAAAA==
211101	Onmoraki	A monstrous	 fire spitting	 Japanese bird with a man's face. It is actually a corpse that was not given a proper memorial service. They appear before monks who neglect their duties.	AAAAAA==
211102	Onmoraki	A monstrous	 fire spitting	 Japanese bird with a man's face. It is actually a corpse that was not given a proper memorial service. They appear before monks who neglect their duties.	AAAAAA==
211111	Koppa Tengu	A type of tengu. Their spiritual power is weaker than other tengu	 so they are much smaller. They are said to be the reincarnations of long-lived wolves.	AAAAAA==
211112	Koppa Tengu	A type of tengu. Their spiritual power is weaker than other tengu	 so they are much smaller. They are said to be the reincarnations of long-lived wolves.	AAAAAA==
211121	Mokoi	Evil spirits of Murngin lore believed to be reborn shadows. They kidnap and eat children	 and strike down any sorcerer who uses black magic.	AAAAAA==
211122	Mokoi	Evil spirits of Murngin lore believed to be reborn shadows. They kidnap and eat children	 and strike down any sorcerer who uses black magic.	AAAAAA==
211131	Obariyon	A "piggyback monster" of Japan that jumps on the backs of those who pass grassy paths. It is heavy and not easily removed	 but will turn into gold coins if you can carry it back home.	AAAAAA==
211132	Mokoi	Evil spirits of Murngin lore believed to be reborn shadows. They kidnap and eat children	 and strike down any sorcerer who uses black magic.	AAAAAA==
211133	Mokoi	Evil spirits of Murngin lore believed to be reborn shadows. They kidnap and eat children	 and strike down any sorcerer who uses black magic.	AAAAAA==
211141	Koropokguru	Small human-like creatures that have kind	 calm personalities. Once coexisting with the Ainu people of Japan	 there was a falling out at some point	 and they disappeared.	AAAAAA==
211142	Koropokguru	Small human-like creatures that have kind	 calm personalities. Once coexisting with the Ainu people of Japan	 there was a falling out at some point	 and they disappeared.	AAAAAA==
211143	Saki Mitama	One of the four aspects of Shinto thought	 it brings great bounty from the hunt. It is said to aid in love	 profit	 and growth	 and can create new paths.	AAAAAA==
211144	Saki Mitama	One of the four aspects of Shinto thought	 it brings great bounty from the hunt. It is said to aid in love	 profit	 and growth	 and can create new paths.	AAAAAA==
211151	Obariyon	A "piggyback monster" of Japan that jumps on the backs of those who pass grassy paths. It is heavy and not easily removed	 but will turn into gold coins if you can carry it back home.	AAAAAA==
211152	Onmoraki	A monstrous	 fire spitting	 Japanese bird with a man's face. It is actually a corpse that was not given a proper memorial service. They appear before monks who neglect their duties.	AAAAAA==
211153	Onmoraki	A monstrous	 fire spitting	 Japanese bird with a man's face. It is actually a corpse that was not given a proper memorial service. They appear before monks who neglect their duties.	AAAAAA==
211161	Ippon-Datara	A one-eyed	 one-legged monster said to live deep in the mountains of Kumano	 Japan. It's believed to be the degraded blacksmith god	 Ame no Me-Hitotsu no Kami.	AAAAAA==
211162	Koropokguru	Small human-like creatures that have kind	 calm personalities. Once coexisting with the Ainu people of Japan	 there was a falling out at some point	 and they disappeared.	AAAAAA==
211163	Koropokguru	Small human-like creatures that have kind	 calm personalities. Once coexisting with the Ainu people of Japan	 there was a falling out at some point	 and they disappeared.	AAAAAA==
211171	Koppa Tengu	A type of tengu. Their spiritual power is weaker than other tengu	 so they are much smaller. They are said to be the reincarnations of long-lived wolves.	AAAAAA==
211172	Koppa Tengu	A type of tengu. Their spiritual power is weaker than other tengu	 so they are much smaller. They are said to be the reincarnations of long-lived wolves.	AAAAAA==
211173	Onmoraki	A monstrous	 fire spitting	 Japanese bird with a man's face. It is actually a corpse that was not given a proper memorial service. They appear before monks who neglect their duties.	AAAAAA==
211174	Onmoraki	A monstrous	 fire spitting	 Japanese bird with a man's face. It is actually a corpse that was not given a proper memorial service. They appear before monks who neglect their duties.	AAAAAA==
211181	Mokoi	Evil spirits of Murngin lore believed to be reborn shadows. They kidnap and eat children	 and strike down any sorcerer who uses black magic.	AAAAAA==
211182	Mokoi	Evil spirits of Murngin lore believed to be reborn shadows. They kidnap and eat children	 and strike down any sorcerer who uses black magic.	AAAAAA==
211183	Saki Mitama	One of the four aspects of Shinto thought	 it brings great bounty from the hunt. It is said to aid in love	 profit	 and growth	 and can create new paths.	AAAAAA==
211184	Saki Mitama	One of the four aspects of Shinto thought	 it brings great bounty from the hunt. It is said to aid in love	 profit	 and growth	 and can create new paths.	AAAAAA==
211185	Saki Mitama	One of the four aspects of Shinto thought	 it brings great bounty from the hunt. It is said to aid in love	 profit	 and growth	 and can create new paths.	AAAAAA==
211191	Obariyon	A "piggyback monster" of Japan that jumps on the backs of those who pass grassy paths. It is heavy and not easily removed	 but will turn into gold coins if you can carry it back home.	AAAAAA==
211192	Obariyon	A "piggyback monster" of Japan that jumps on the backs of those who pass grassy paths. It is heavy and not easily removed	 but will turn into gold coins if you can carry it back home.	AAAAAA==
211201	Koppa Tengu	A type of tengu. Their spiritual power is weaker than other tengu	 so they are much smaller. They are said to be the reincarnations of long-lived wolves.	AAAAAA==
211202	Koropokguru	Small human-like creatures that have kind	 calm personalities. Once coexisting with the Ainu people of Japan	 there was a falling out at some point	 and they disappeared.	AAAAAA==
211203	Koropokguru	Small human-like creatures that have kind	 calm personalities. Once coexisting with the Ainu people of Japan	 there was a falling out at some point	 and they disappeared.	AAAAAA==
211211	Ippon-Datara	A one-eyed	 one-legged monster said to live deep in the mountains of Kumano	 Japan. It's believed to be the degraded blacksmith god	 Ame no Me-Hitotsu no Kami.	AAAAAA==
211212	Ippon-Datara	A one-eyed	 one-legged monster said to live deep in the mountains of Kumano	 Japan. It's believed to be the degraded blacksmith god	 Ame no Me-Hitotsu no Kami.	AAAAAA==
211221	Mokoi	Evil spirits of Murngin lore believed to be reborn shadows. They kidnap and eat children	 and strike down any sorcerer who uses black magic.	AAAAAA==
211222	Mokoi	Evil spirits of Murngin lore believed to be reborn shadows. They kidnap and eat children	 and strike down any sorcerer who uses black magic.	AAAAAA==
211223	Koropokguru	Small human-like creatures that have kind	 calm personalities. Once coexisting with the Ainu people of Japan	 there was a falling out at some point	 and they disappeared.	AAAAAA==
211224	Koropokguru	Small human-like creatures that have kind	 calm personalities. Once coexisting with the Ainu people of Japan	 there was a falling out at some point	 and they disappeared.	AAAAAA==
211231	Obariyon	A "piggyback monster" of Japan that jumps on the backs of those who pass grassy paths. It is heavy and not easily removed	 but will turn into gold coins if you can carry it back home.	AAAAAA==
211232	Onmoraki	A monstrous	 fire spitting	 Japanese bird with a man's face. It is actually a corpse that was not given a proper memorial service. They appear before monks who neglect their duties.	AAAAAA==
211233	Onmoraki	A monstrous	 fire spitting	 Japanese bird with a man's face. It is actually a corpse that was not given a proper memorial service. They appear before monks who neglect their duties.	AAAAAA==
211241	Ippon-Datara	A one-eyed	 one-legged monster said to live deep in the mountains of Kumano	 Japan. It's believed to be the degraded blacksmith god	 Ame no Me-Hitotsu no Kami.	AAAAAA==
211242	Koppa Tengu	A type of tengu. Their spiritual power is weaker than other tengu	 so they are much smaller. They are said to be the reincarnations of long-lived wolves.	AAAAAA==
211243	Koppa Tengu	A type of tengu. Their spiritual power is weaker than other tengu	 so they are much smaller. They are said to be the reincarnations of long-lived wolves.	AAAAAA==
211251	Obariyon	A "piggyback monster" of Japan that jumps on the backs of those who pass grassy paths. It is heavy and not easily removed	 but will turn into gold coins if you can carry it back home.	AAAAAA==
211252	Obariyon	A "piggyback monster" of Japan that jumps on the backs of those who pass grassy paths. It is heavy and not easily removed	 but will turn into gold coins if you can carry it back home.	AAAAAA==
211253	Obariyon	A "piggyback monster" of Japan that jumps on the backs of those who pass grassy paths. It is heavy and not easily removed	 but will turn into gold coins if you can carry it back home.	AAAAAA==
211261	Koppa Tengu	A type of tengu. Their spiritual power is weaker than other tengu	 so they are much smaller. They are said to be the reincarnations of long-lived wolves.	AAAAAA==
211262	Koropokguru	Small human-like creatures that have kind	 calm personalities. Once coexisting with the Ainu people of Japan	 there was a falling out at some point	 and they disappeared.	AAAAAA==
211263	Koropokguru	Small human-like creatures that have kind	 calm personalities. Once coexisting with the Ainu people of Japan	 there was a falling out at some point	 and they disappeared.	AAAAAA==
211271	Ippon-Datara	A one-eyed	 one-legged monster said to live deep in the mountains of Kumano	 Japan. It's believed to be the degraded blacksmith god	 Ame no Me-Hitotsu no Kami.	AAAAAA==
211272	Onmoraki	A monstrous	 fire spitting	 Japanese bird with a man's face. It is actually a corpse that was not given a proper memorial service. They appear before monks who neglect their duties.	AAAAAA==
211273	Onmoraki	A monstrous	 fire spitting	 Japanese bird with a man's face. It is actually a corpse that was not given a proper memorial service. They appear before monks who neglect their duties.	AAAAAA==
211281	Mokoi	Evil spirits of Murngin lore believed to be reborn shadows. They kidnap and eat children	 and strike down any sorcerer who uses black magic.	AAAAAA==
211282	Mokoi	Evil spirits of Murngin lore believed to be reborn shadows. They kidnap and eat children	 and strike down any sorcerer who uses black magic.	AAAAAA==
211283	Onmoraki	A monstrous	 fire spitting	 Japanese bird with a man's face. It is actually a corpse that was not given a proper memorial service. They appear before monks who neglect their duties.	AAAAAA==
211284	Onmoraki	A monstrous	 fire spitting	 Japanese bird with a man's face. It is actually a corpse that was not given a proper memorial service. They appear before monks who neglect their duties.	AAAAAA==
211291	Koppa Tengu	A type of tengu. Their spiritual power is weaker than other tengu	 so they are much smaller. They are said to be the reincarnations of long-lived wolves.	AAAAAA==
211292	Saki Mitama	One of the four aspects of Shinto thought	 it brings great bounty from the hunt. It is said to aid in love	 profit	 and growth	 and can create new paths.	AAAAAA==
211293	Saki Mitama	One of the four aspects of Shinto thought	 it brings great bounty from the hunt. It is said to aid in love	 profit	 and growth	 and can create new paths.	AAAAAA==
211301	Koppa Tengu	A type of tengu. Their spiritual power is weaker than other tengu	 so they are much smaller. They are said to be the reincarnations of long-lived wolves.	AAAAAA==
211302	Koppa Tengu	A type of tengu. Their spiritual power is weaker than other tengu	 so they are much smaller. They are said to be the reincarnations of long-lived wolves.	AAAAAA==
211311	Koropokguru	Small human-like creatures that have kind	 calm personalities. Once coexisting with the Ainu people of Japan	 there was a falling out at some point	 and they disappeared.	AAAAAA==
211312	Koropokguru	Small human-like creatures that have kind	 calm personalities. Once coexisting with the Ainu people of Japan	 there was a falling out at some point	 and they disappeared.	AAAAAA==
211313	Onmoraki	A monstrous	 fire spitting	 Japanese bird with a man's face. It is actually a corpse that was not given a proper memorial service. They appear before monks who neglect their duties.	AAAAAA==
211314	Onmoraki	A monstrous	 fire spitting	 Japanese bird with a man's face. It is actually a corpse that was not given a proper memorial service. They appear before monks who neglect their duties.	AAAAAA==
211315	Onmoraki	A monstrous	 fire spitting	 Japanese bird with a man's face. It is actually a corpse that was not given a proper memorial service. They appear before monks who neglect their duties.	AAAAAA==
211321	Koppa Tengu	A type of tengu. Their spiritual power is weaker than other tengu	 so they are much smaller. They are said to be the reincarnations of long-lived wolves.	AAAAAA==
211322	Mokoi	Evil spirits of Murngin lore believed to be reborn shadows. They kidnap and eat children	 and strike down any sorcerer who uses black magic.	AAAAAA==
211323	Mokoi	Evil spirits of Murngin lore believed to be reborn shadows. They kidnap and eat children	 and strike down any sorcerer who uses black magic.	AAAAAA==
211331	Oni	An evil monster from Japanese lore known for its hideous visage and brute strength. They loot and plunder villages	 massacring the townspeople with their iron clubs. They have horns on their heads	 red skin	 long claws	 and razor-sharp teeth.	AAAAAA==
211341	Oni	An evil monster from Japanese lore known for its hideous visage and brute strength. They loot and plunder villages	 massacring the townspeople with their iron clubs. They have horns on their heads	 red skin	 long claws	 and razor-sharp teeth.	AAAAAA==
211351	Oni	An evil monster from Japanese lore known for its hideous visage and brute strength. They loot and plunder villages	 massacring the townspeople with their iron clubs. They have horns on their heads	 red skin	 long claws	 and razor-sharp teeth.	AAAAAA==
211361	Oni	An evil monster from Japanese lore known for its hideous visage and brute strength. They loot and plunder villages	 massacring the townspeople with their iron clubs. They have horns on their heads	 red skin	 long claws	 and razor-sharp teeth.	AAAAAA==
211371	Arahabaki	A mysterious god of ancient Japan. Most famously worshipped by Nagasunehiko	 who was defeated in battle against Emperor Jinmu	 Arahabaki came to be treated as a symbol of rebellion and defiance.	AAAAAA==
211372	Koppa Tengu	A type of tengu. Their spiritual power is weaker than other tengu	 so they are much smaller. They are said to be the reincarnations of long-lived wolves.	AAAAAA==
211373	Koppa Tengu	A type of tengu. Their spiritual power is weaker than other tengu	 so they are much smaller. They are said to be the reincarnations of long-lived wolves.	AAAAAA==
211381	Shiki-Ouji	An exceptionally powerful shikigami. Only the most elite onmyoji are able to summon and bind it to paper. It can ward off disaster or cure illness	 but its ordinary temperament is quite vicious.	AAAAAA==
211391	Shiki-Ouji	An exceptionally powerful shikigami. Only the most elite onmyoji are able to summon and bind it to paper. It can ward off disaster or cure illness	 but its ordinary temperament is quite vicious.	AAAAAA==
211401	Shiki-Ouji	An exceptionally powerful shikigami. Only the most elite onmyoji are able to summon and bind it to paper. It can ward off disaster or cure illness	 but its ordinary temperament is quite vicious.	AAAAAA==
211411	Shiki-Ouji	An exceptionally powerful shikigami. Only the most elite onmyoji are able to summon and bind it to paper. It can ward off disaster or cure illness	 but its ordinary temperament is quite vicious.	AAAAAA==
211421	Shiki-Ouji	An exceptionally powerful shikigami. Only the most elite onmyoji are able to summon and bind it to paper. It can ward off disaster or cure illness	 but its ordinary temperament is quite vicious.	AAAAAA==
211431	Mokoi	Evil spirits of Murngin lore believed to be reborn shadows. They kidnap and eat children	 and strike down any sorcerer who uses black magic.	AAAAAA==
211432	Mokoi	Evil spirits of Murngin lore believed to be reborn shadows. They kidnap and eat children	 and strike down any sorcerer who uses black magic.	AAAAAA==
211433	Mokoi	Evil spirits of Murngin lore believed to be reborn shadows. They kidnap and eat children	 and strike down any sorcerer who uses black magic.	AAAAAA==
211441	Obariyon	A "piggyback monster" of Japan that jumps on the backs of those who pass grassy paths. It is heavy and not easily removed	 but will turn into gold coins if you can carry it back home.	AAAAAA==
211442	Obariyon	A "piggyback monster" of Japan that jumps on the backs of those who pass grassy paths. It is heavy and not easily removed	 but will turn into gold coins if you can carry it back home.	AAAAAA==
211443	Saki Mitama	One of the four aspects of Shinto thought	 it brings great bounty from the hunt. It is said to aid in love	 profit	 and growth	 and can create new paths.	AAAAAA==
211444	Saki Mitama	One of the four aspects of Shinto thought	 it brings great bounty from the hunt. It is said to aid in love	 profit	 and growth	 and can create new paths.	AAAAAA==
212011	Ippon-Datara	A one-eyed	 one-legged monster said to live deep in the mountains of Kumano	 Japan. It's believed to be the degraded blacksmith god	 Ame no Me-Hitotsu no Kami.	AAAAAA==
212012	Onmoraki	A monstrous	 fire spitting	 Japanese bird with a man's face. It is actually a corpse that was not given a proper memorial service. They appear before monks who neglect their duties.	AAAAAA==
212013	Onmoraki	A monstrous	 fire spitting	 Japanese bird with a man's face. It is actually a corpse that was not given a proper memorial service. They appear before monks who neglect their duties.	AAAAAA==
212021	Sudama	A spirit of rivers and mountains in Japanese lore	 it dwells in ancient trees and ageless rocks. They are not evil	 and will often appear as humans or supernatural wonders to warn people.	AAAAAA==
212022	Sudama	A spirit of rivers and mountains in Japanese lore	 it dwells in ancient trees and ageless rocks. They are not evil	 and will often appear as humans or supernatural wonders to warn people.	AAAAAA==
212023	Sudama	A spirit of rivers and mountains in Japanese lore	 it dwells in ancient trees and ageless rocks. They are not evil	 and will often appear as humans or supernatural wonders to warn people.	AAAAAA==
212031	Shiisaa	A holy beast said to protect houses from evil and bring good fortune. They look similar to Shinto guardian dogs	 but are actually modeled after a lion. There are many stories about it in Ryukyu lore.	AAAAAA==
212032	Shiisaa	A holy beast said to protect houses from evil and bring good fortune. They look similar to Shinto guardian dogs	 but are actually modeled after a lion. There are many stories about it in Ryukyu lore.	AAAAAA==
212041	Ippon-Datara	A one-eyed	 one-legged monster said to live deep in the mountains of Kumano	 Japan. It's believed to be the degraded blacksmith god	 Ame no Me-Hitotsu no Kami.	AAAAAA==
212042	Sudama	A spirit of rivers and mountains in Japanese lore	 it dwells in ancient trees and ageless rocks. They are not evil	 and will often appear as humans or supernatural wonders to warn people.	AAAAAA==
212043	Sudama	A spirit of rivers and mountains in Japanese lore	 it dwells in ancient trees and ageless rocks. They are not evil	 and will often appear as humans or supernatural wonders to warn people.	AAAAAA==
212051	Jikokuten	Also known as Dhritarashtra	 he is the protector of the East	 and is one of the four Heavenly Kings of Buddhist origin. He helps maintain the security of the nation.	AAAAAA==
212052	Shiisaa	A holy beast said to protect houses from evil and bring good fortune. They look similar to Shinto guardian dogs	 but are actually modeled after a lion. There are many stories about it in Ryukyu lore.	AAAAAA==
212053	Shiisaa	A holy beast said to protect houses from evil and bring good fortune. They look similar to Shinto guardian dogs	 but are actually modeled after a lion. There are many stories about it in Ryukyu lore.	AAAAAA==
212061	Orthrus	The two-headed pet dog belonging to the giant Geryon of Greek myth. He guarded a herd of red oxen but was killed by Hercules during one of his twelve labors.	AAAAAA==
212062	Shiisaa	A holy beast said to protect houses from evil and bring good fortune. They look similar to Shinto guardian dogs	 but are actually modeled after a lion. There are many stories about it in Ryukyu lore.	AAAAAA==
212063	Shiisaa	A holy beast said to protect houses from evil and bring good fortune. They look similar to Shinto guardian dogs	 but are actually modeled after a lion. There are many stories about it in Ryukyu lore.	AAAAAA==
212071	Phoenix	The legendary bird of Chinese myth	 said to appear only in times of peace. It is the ruler of all birds. When it dies	 birds across the land chirp with sadness.	AAAAAA==
212072	Makami	A divine wolf god in Japanese folklore	 also written as "Oguchi-no-Magami." It is often drawn on prayer boards to prevent fires and thefts	 but it is also feared as a human-eater.	AAAAAA==
212073	Makami	A divine wolf god in Japanese folklore	 also written as "Oguchi-no-Magami." It is often drawn on prayer boards to prevent fires and thefts	 but it is also feared as a human-eater.	AAAAAA==
212081	Nigi Mitama	One of the four aspects of Shinto thought	 it works gently to help maintain a calm mind. It is said to aid in one's relations and sociability	 and can lead one in a positive direction.	AAAAAA==
212082	Nigi Mitama	One of the four aspects of Shinto thought	 it works gently to help maintain a calm mind. It is said to aid in one's relations and sociability	 and can lead one in a positive direction.	AAAAAA==
212091	Phoenix	The legendary bird of Chinese myth	 said to appear only in times of peace. It is the ruler of all birds. When it dies	 birds across the land chirp with sadness.	AAAAAA==
212092	Shiisaa	A holy beast said to protect houses from evil and bring good fortune. They look similar to Shinto guardian dogs	 but are actually modeled after a lion. There are many stories about it in Ryukyu lore.	AAAAAA==
212093	Shiisaa	A holy beast said to protect houses from evil and bring good fortune. They look similar to Shinto guardian dogs	 but are actually modeled after a lion. There are many stories about it in Ryukyu lore.	AAAAAA==
212101	Ame-no-Uzume	Japanese goddess of entertainment	 she governs many sacred dances. She is most famous for luring out Amaterasu	 who had barricaded herself inside a cave.	AAAAAA==
212102	Saki Mitama	One of the four aspects of Shinto thought	 it brings great bounty from the hunt. It is said to aid in love	 profit	 and growth	 and can create new paths.	AAAAAA==
212103	Saki Mitama	One of the four aspects of Shinto thought	 it brings great bounty from the hunt. It is said to aid in love	 profit	 and growth	 and can create new paths.	AAAAAA==
212104	Nigi Mitama	One of the four aspects of Shinto thought	 it works gently to help maintain a calm mind. It is said to aid in one's relations and sociability	 and can lead one in a positive direction.	AAAAAA==
212111	Shiisaa	A holy beast said to protect houses from evil and bring good fortune. They look similar to Shinto guardian dogs	 but are actually modeled after a lion. There are many stories about it in Ryukyu lore.	AAAAAA==
212112	Shiisaa	A holy beast said to protect houses from evil and bring good fortune. They look similar to Shinto guardian dogs	 but are actually modeled after a lion. There are many stories about it in Ryukyu lore.	AAAAAA==
212113	Makami	A divine wolf god in Japanese folklore	 also written as "Oguchi-no-Magami." It is often drawn on prayer boards to prevent fires and thefts	 but it is also feared as a human-eater.	AAAAAA==
212114	Makami	A divine wolf god in Japanese folklore	 also written as "Oguchi-no-Magami." It is often drawn on prayer boards to prevent fires and thefts	 but it is also feared as a human-eater.	AAAAAA==
212121	Orthrus	The two-headed pet dog belonging to the giant Geryon of Greek myth. He guarded a herd of red oxen but was killed by Hercules during one of his twelve labors.	AAAAAA==
212122	Orthrus	The two-headed pet dog belonging to the giant Geryon of Greek myth. He guarded a herd of red oxen but was killed by Hercules during one of his twelve labors.	AAAAAA==
212131	Phoenix	The legendary bird of Chinese myth	 said to appear only in times of peace. It is the ruler of all birds. When it dies	 birds across the land chirp with sadness.	AAAAAA==
212132	Phoenix	The legendary bird of Chinese myth	 said to appear only in times of peace. It is the ruler of all birds. When it dies	 birds across the land chirp with sadness.	AAAAAA==
212133	Sudama	A spirit of rivers and mountains in Japanese lore	 it dwells in ancient trees and ageless rocks. They are not evil	 and will often appear as humans or supernatural wonders to warn people.	AAAAAA==
212134	Sudama	A spirit of rivers and mountains in Japanese lore	 it dwells in ancient trees and ageless rocks. They are not evil	 and will often appear as humans or supernatural wonders to warn people.	AAAAAA==
212141	Ame-no-Uzume	Japanese goddess of entertainment	 she governs many sacred dances. She is most famous for luring out Amaterasu	 who had barricaded herself inside a cave.	AAAAAA==
212142	Ippon-Datara	A one-eyed	 one-legged monster said to live deep in the mountains of Kumano	 Japan. It's believed to be the degraded blacksmith god	 Ame no Me-Hitotsu no Kami.	AAAAAA==
212143	Ippon-Datara	A one-eyed	 one-legged monster said to live deep in the mountains of Kumano	 Japan. It's believed to be the degraded blacksmith god	 Ame no Me-Hitotsu no Kami.	AAAAAA==
212151	Shiisaa	A holy beast said to protect houses from evil and bring good fortune. They look similar to Shinto guardian dogs	 but are actually modeled after a lion. There are many stories about it in Ryukyu lore.	AAAAAA==
212152	Shiisaa	A holy beast said to protect houses from evil and bring good fortune. They look similar to Shinto guardian dogs	 but are actually modeled after a lion. There are many stories about it in Ryukyu lore.	AAAAAA==
212153	Onmoraki	A monstrous	 fire spitting	 Japanese bird with a man's face. It is actually a corpse that was not given a proper memorial service. They appear before monks who neglect their duties.	AAAAAA==
212154	Onmoraki	A monstrous	 fire spitting	 Japanese bird with a man's face. It is actually a corpse that was not given a proper memorial service. They appear before monks who neglect their duties.	AAAAAA==
212161	Ippon-Datara	A one-eyed	 one-legged monster said to live deep in the mountains of Kumano	 Japan. It's believed to be the degraded blacksmith god	 Ame no Me-Hitotsu no Kami.	AAAAAA==
212162	Makami	A divine wolf god in Japanese folklore	 also written as "Oguchi-no-Magami." It is often drawn on prayer boards to prevent fires and thefts	 but it is also feared as a human-eater.	AAAAAA==
212163	Makami	A divine wolf god in Japanese folklore	 also written as "Oguchi-no-Magami." It is often drawn on prayer boards to prevent fires and thefts	 but it is also feared as a human-eater.	AAAAAA==
212171	Sudama	A spirit of rivers and mountains in Japanese lore	 it dwells in ancient trees and ageless rocks. They are not evil	 and will often appear as humans or supernatural wonders to warn people.	AAAAAA==
212172	Sudama	A spirit of rivers and mountains in Japanese lore	 it dwells in ancient trees and ageless rocks. They are not evil	 and will often appear as humans or supernatural wonders to warn people.	AAAAAA==
212173	Sudama	A spirit of rivers and mountains in Japanese lore	 it dwells in ancient trees and ageless rocks. They are not evil	 and will often appear as humans or supernatural wonders to warn people.	AAAAAA==
212181	Orthrus	The two-headed pet dog belonging to the giant Geryon of Greek myth. He guarded a herd of red oxen but was killed by Hercules during one of his twelve labors.	AAAAAA==
212182	Orthrus	The two-headed pet dog belonging to the giant Geryon of Greek myth. He guarded a herd of red oxen but was killed by Hercules during one of his twelve labors.	AAAAAA==
212191	Shiisaa	A holy beast said to protect houses from evil and bring good fortune. They look similar to Shinto guardian dogs	 but are actually modeled after a lion. There are many stories about it in Ryukyu lore.	AAAAAA==
212192	Shiisaa	A holy beast said to protect houses from evil and bring good fortune. They look similar to Shinto guardian dogs	 but are actually modeled after a lion. There are many stories about it in Ryukyu lore.	AAAAAA==
212201	Phoenix	The legendary bird of Chinese myth	 said to appear only in times of peace. It is the ruler of all birds. When it dies	 birds across the land chirp with sadness.	AAAAAA==
212202	Sudama	A spirit of rivers and mountains in Japanese lore	 it dwells in ancient trees and ageless rocks. They are not evil	 and will often appear as humans or supernatural wonders to warn people.	AAAAAA==
212203	Sudama	A spirit of rivers and mountains in Japanese lore	 it dwells in ancient trees and ageless rocks. They are not evil	 and will often appear as humans or supernatural wonders to warn people.	AAAAAA==
212211	Ippon-Datara	A one-eyed	 one-legged monster said to live deep in the mountains of Kumano	 Japan. It's believed to be the degraded blacksmith god	 Ame no Me-Hitotsu no Kami.	AAAAAA==
212212	Onmoraki	A monstrous	 fire spitting	 Japanese bird with a man's face. It is actually a corpse that was not given a proper memorial service. They appear before monks who neglect their duties.	AAAAAA==
212213	Onmoraki	A monstrous	 fire spitting	 Japanese bird with a man's face. It is actually a corpse that was not given a proper memorial service. They appear before monks who neglect their duties.	AAAAAA==
212221	Jikokuten	Also known as Dhritarashtra	 he is the protector of the East	 and is one of the four Heavenly Kings of Buddhist origin. He helps maintain the security of the nation.	AAAAAA==
212222	Kin-Ki	One of the four oni controlled by Fujiwara no Chikata	 its body is so hard that no weapons can penetrate it. It and its comrades fell into hell through holes that can still be found in modern Iga.	AAAAAA==
212223	Sui-Ki	One of the four oni controlled by Fujiwara no Chikata	 it can cause floods with the swing of its arms. In the Taiheiki	 Ki no Tomoo expelled the oni by reading a Japanese poem.	AAAAAA==
212231	Makami	A divine wolf god in Japanese folklore	 also written as "Oguchi-no-Magami." It is often drawn on prayer boards to prevent fires and thefts	 but it is also feared as a human-eater.	AAAAAA==
212232	Makami	A divine wolf god in Japanese folklore	 also written as "Oguchi-no-Magami." It is often drawn on prayer boards to prevent fires and thefts	 but it is also feared as a human-eater.	AAAAAA==
212233	Nigi Mitama	One of the four aspects of Shinto thought	 it works gently to help maintain a calm mind. It is said to aid in one's relations and sociability	 and can lead one in a positive direction.	AAAAAA==
212234	Nigi Mitama	One of the four aspects of Shinto thought	 it works gently to help maintain a calm mind. It is said to aid in one's relations and sociability	 and can lead one in a positive direction.	AAAAAA==
212235	Nigi Mitama	One of the four aspects of Shinto thought	 it works gently to help maintain a calm mind. It is said to aid in one's relations and sociability	 and can lead one in a positive direction.	AAAAAA==
212241	Phoenix	The legendary bird of Chinese myth	 said to appear only in times of peace. It is the ruler of all birds. When it dies	 birds across the land chirp with sadness.	AAAAAA==
212242	Onmoraki	A monstrous	 fire spitting	 Japanese bird with a man's face. It is actually a corpse that was not given a proper memorial service. They appear before monks who neglect their duties.	AAAAAA==
212243	Onmoraki	A monstrous	 fire spitting	 Japanese bird with a man's face. It is actually a corpse that was not given a proper memorial service. They appear before monks who neglect their duties.	AAAAAA==
212251	Shiisaa	A holy beast said to protect houses from evil and bring good fortune. They look similar to Shinto guardian dogs	 but are actually modeled after a lion. There are many stories about it in Ryukyu lore.	AAAAAA==
212252	Shiisaa	A holy beast said to protect houses from evil and bring good fortune. They look similar to Shinto guardian dogs	 but are actually modeled after a lion. There are many stories about it in Ryukyu lore.	AAAAAA==
212261	Phoenix	The legendary bird of Chinese myth	 said to appear only in times of peace. It is the ruler of all birds. When it dies	 birds across the land chirp with sadness.	AAAAAA==
212262	Phoenix	The legendary bird of Chinese myth	 said to appear only in times of peace. It is the ruler of all birds. When it dies	 birds across the land chirp with sadness.	AAAAAA==
212263	Sudama	A spirit of rivers and mountains in Japanese lore	 it dwells in ancient trees and ageless rocks. They are not evil	 and will often appear as humans or supernatural wonders to warn people.	AAAAAA==
212264	Sudama	A spirit of rivers and mountains in Japanese lore	 it dwells in ancient trees and ageless rocks. They are not evil	 and will often appear as humans or supernatural wonders to warn people.	AAAAAA==
212271	Orthrus	The two-headed pet dog belonging to the giant Geryon of Greek myth. He guarded a herd of red oxen but was killed by Hercules during one of his twelve labors.	AAAAAA==
212272	Orthrus	The two-headed pet dog belonging to the giant Geryon of Greek myth. He guarded a herd of red oxen but was killed by Hercules during one of his twelve labors.	AAAAAA==
212281	Jikokuten	Also known as Dhritarashtra	 he is the protector of the East	 and is one of the four Heavenly Kings of Buddhist origin. He helps maintain the security of the nation.	AAAAAA==
212282	Phoenix	The legendary bird of Chinese myth	 said to appear only in times of peace. It is the ruler of all birds. When it dies	 birds across the land chirp with sadness.	AAAAAA==
212291	Orthrus	The two-headed pet dog belonging to the giant Geryon of Greek myth. He guarded a herd of red oxen but was killed by Hercules during one of his twelve labors.	AAAAAA==
212292	Shiisaa	A holy beast said to protect houses from evil and bring good fortune. They look similar to Shinto guardian dogs	 but are actually modeled after a lion. There are many stories about it in Ryukyu lore.	AAAAAA==
212293	Shiisaa	A holy beast said to protect houses from evil and bring good fortune. They look similar to Shinto guardian dogs	 but are actually modeled after a lion. There are many stories about it in Ryukyu lore.	AAAAAA==
212301	Orthrus	The two-headed pet dog belonging to the giant Geryon of Greek myth. He guarded a herd of red oxen but was killed by Hercules during one of his twelve labors.	AAAAAA==
212302	Shiisaa	A holy beast said to protect houses from evil and bring good fortune. They look similar to Shinto guardian dogs	 but are actually modeled after a lion. There are many stories about it in Ryukyu lore.	AAAAAA==
212303	Shiisaa	A holy beast said to protect houses from evil and bring good fortune. They look similar to Shinto guardian dogs	 but are actually modeled after a lion. There are many stories about it in Ryukyu lore.	AAAAAA==
212311	Ippon-Datara	A one-eyed	 one-legged monster said to live deep in the mountains of Kumano	 Japan. It's believed to be the degraded blacksmith god	 Ame no Me-Hitotsu no Kami.	AAAAAA==
212312	Ippon-Datara	A one-eyed	 one-legged monster said to live deep in the mountains of Kumano	 Japan. It's believed to be the degraded blacksmith god	 Ame no Me-Hitotsu no Kami.	AAAAAA==
212313	Ippon-Datara	A one-eyed	 one-legged monster said to live deep in the mountains of Kumano	 Japan. It's believed to be the degraded blacksmith god	 Ame no Me-Hitotsu no Kami.	AAAAAA==
212321	Nigi Mitama	One of the four aspects of Shinto thought	 it works gently to help maintain a calm mind. It is said to aid in one's relations and sociability	 and can lead one in a positive direction.	AAAAAA==
212322	Nigi Mitama	One of the four aspects of Shinto thought	 it works gently to help maintain a calm mind. It is said to aid in one's relations and sociability	 and can lead one in a positive direction.	AAAAAA==
212331	Sudama	A spirit of rivers and mountains in Japanese lore	 it dwells in ancient trees and ageless rocks. They are not evil	 and will often appear as humans or supernatural wonders to warn people.	AAAAAA==
212332	Sudama	A spirit of rivers and mountains in Japanese lore	 it dwells in ancient trees and ageless rocks. They are not evil	 and will often appear as humans or supernatural wonders to warn people.	AAAAAA==
212341	Phoenix	The legendary bird of Chinese myth	 said to appear only in times of peace. It is the ruler of all birds. When it dies	 birds across the land chirp with sadness.	AAAAAA==
212342	Onmoraki	A monstrous	 fire spitting	 Japanese bird with a man's face. It is actually a corpse that was not given a proper memorial service. They appear before monks who neglect their duties.	AAAAAA==
212343	Onmoraki	A monstrous	 fire spitting	 Japanese bird with a man's face. It is actually a corpse that was not given a proper memorial service. They appear before monks who neglect their duties.	AAAAAA==
212351	Orthrus	The two-headed pet dog belonging to the giant Geryon of Greek myth. He guarded a herd of red oxen but was killed by Hercules during one of his twelve labors.	AAAAAA==
212352	Orthrus	The two-headed pet dog belonging to the giant Geryon of Greek myth. He guarded a herd of red oxen but was killed by Hercules during one of his twelve labors.	AAAAAA==
212361	Ippon-Datara	A one-eyed	 one-legged monster said to live deep in the mountains of Kumano	 Japan. It's believed to be the degraded blacksmith god	 Ame no Me-Hitotsu no Kami.	AAAAAA==
212362	Ippon-Datara	A one-eyed	 one-legged monster said to live deep in the mountains of Kumano	 Japan. It's believed to be the degraded blacksmith god	 Ame no Me-Hitotsu no Kami.	AAAAAA==
212363	Sudama	A spirit of rivers and mountains in Japanese lore	 it dwells in ancient trees and ageless rocks. They are not evil	 and will often appear as humans or supernatural wonders to warn people.	AAAAAA==
212364	Sudama	A spirit of rivers and mountains in Japanese lore	 it dwells in ancient trees and ageless rocks. They are not evil	 and will often appear as humans or supernatural wonders to warn people.	AAAAAA==
212371	Ame-no-Uzume	Japanese goddess of entertainment	 she governs many sacred dances. She is most famous for luring out Amaterasu	 who had barricaded herself inside a cave.	AAAAAA==
212372	Orthrus	The two-headed pet dog belonging to the giant Geryon of Greek myth. He guarded a herd of red oxen but was killed by Hercules during one of his twelve labors.	AAAAAA==
213011	Sui-Ki	One of the four oni controlled by Fujiwara no Chikata	 it can cause floods with the swing of its arms. In the Taiheiki	 Ki no Tomoo expelled the oni by reading a Japanese poem.	AAAAAA==
213012	Shiisaa	A holy beast said to protect houses from evil and bring good fortune. They look similar to Shinto guardian dogs	 but are actually modeled after a lion. There are many stories about it in Ryukyu lore.	AAAAAA==
213013	Shiisaa	A holy beast said to protect houses from evil and bring good fortune. They look similar to Shinto guardian dogs	 but are actually modeled after a lion. There are many stories about it in Ryukyu lore.	AAAAAA==
213021	Ippon-Datara	A one-eyed	 one-legged monster said to live deep in the mountains of Kumano	 Japan. It's believed to be the degraded blacksmith god	 Ame no Me-Hitotsu no Kami.	AAAAAA==
213022	Sudama	A spirit of rivers and mountains in Japanese lore	 it dwells in ancient trees and ageless rocks. They are not evil	 and will often appear as humans or supernatural wonders to warn people.	AAAAAA==
213023	Sudama	A spirit of rivers and mountains in Japanese lore	 it dwells in ancient trees and ageless rocks. They are not evil	 and will often appear as humans or supernatural wonders to warn people.	AAAAAA==
213031	Anzu	An evil deity of Mesopotamian folklore with an eagle's body and lion's head. While the god Enlil purified himself	 Anzu stole the Tablets of Destiny from him.	AAAAAA==
213032	Nigi Mitama	One of the four aspects of Shinto thought	 it works gently to help maintain a calm mind. It is said to aid in one's relations and sociability	 and can lead one in a positive direction.	AAAAAA==
213033	Nigi Mitama	One of the four aspects of Shinto thought	 it works gently to help maintain a calm mind. It is said to aid in one's relations and sociability	 and can lead one in a positive direction.	AAAAAA==
213041	Shiisaa	A holy beast said to protect houses from evil and bring good fortune. They look similar to Shinto guardian dogs	 but are actually modeled after a lion. There are many stories about it in Ryukyu lore.	AAAAAA==
213042	Shiisaa	A holy beast said to protect houses from evil and bring good fortune. They look similar to Shinto guardian dogs	 but are actually modeled after a lion. There are many stories about it in Ryukyu lore.	AAAAAA==
213043	Makami	A divine wolf god in Japanese folklore	 also written as "Oguchi-no-Magami." It is often drawn on prayer boards to prevent fires and thefts	 but it is also feared as a human-eater.	AAAAAA==
213044	Makami	A divine wolf god in Japanese folklore	 also written as "Oguchi-no-Magami." It is often drawn on prayer boards to prevent fires and thefts	 but it is also feared as a human-eater.	AAAAAA==
213051	Orthrus	The two-headed pet dog belonging to the giant Geryon of Greek myth. He guarded a herd of red oxen but was killed by Hercules during one of his twelve labors.	AAAAAA==
213052	Sudama	A spirit of rivers and mountains in Japanese lore	 it dwells in ancient trees and ageless rocks. They are not evil	 and will often appear as humans or supernatural wonders to warn people.	AAAAAA==
213053	Sudama	A spirit of rivers and mountains in Japanese lore	 it dwells in ancient trees and ageless rocks. They are not evil	 and will often appear as humans or supernatural wonders to warn people.	AAAAAA==
213061	Phoenix	The legendary bird of Chinese myth	 said to appear only in times of peace. It is the ruler of all birds. When it dies	 birds across the land chirp with sadness.	AAAAAA==
213062	Nigi Mitama	One of the four aspects of Shinto thought	 it works gently to help maintain a calm mind. It is said to aid in one's relations and sociability	 and can lead one in a positive direction.	AAAAAA==
213063	Nigi Mitama	One of the four aspects of Shinto thought	 it works gently to help maintain a calm mind. It is said to aid in one's relations and sociability	 and can lead one in a positive direction.	AAAAAA==
213071	Nigi Mitama	One of the four aspects of Shinto thought	 it works gently to help maintain a calm mind. It is said to aid in one's relations and sociability	 and can lead one in a positive direction.	AAAAAA==
213072	Nigi Mitama	One of the four aspects of Shinto thought	 it works gently to help maintain a calm mind. It is said to aid in one's relations and sociability	 and can lead one in a positive direction.	AAAAAA==
213081	Shiisaa	A holy beast said to protect houses from evil and bring good fortune. They look similar to Shinto guardian dogs	 but are actually modeled after a lion. There are many stories about it in Ryukyu lore.	AAAAAA==
213082	Shiisaa	A holy beast said to protect houses from evil and bring good fortune. They look similar to Shinto guardian dogs	 but are actually modeled after a lion. There are many stories about it in Ryukyu lore.	AAAAAA==
213091	Phoenix	The legendary bird of Chinese myth	 said to appear only in times of peace. It is the ruler of all birds. When it dies	 birds across the land chirp with sadness.	AAAAAA==
213092	Phoenix	The legendary bird of Chinese myth	 said to appear only in times of peace. It is the ruler of all birds. When it dies	 birds across the land chirp with sadness.	AAAAAA==
213101	Sui-Ki	One of the four oni controlled by Fujiwara no Chikata	 it can cause floods with the swing of its arms. In the Taiheiki	 Ki no Tomoo expelled the oni by reading a Japanese poem.	AAAAAA==
213102	Orthrus	The two-headed pet dog belonging to the giant Geryon of Greek myth. He guarded a herd of red oxen but was killed by Hercules during one of his twelve labors.	AAAAAA==
213103	Orthrus	The two-headed pet dog belonging to the giant Geryon of Greek myth. He guarded a herd of red oxen but was killed by Hercules during one of his twelve labors.	AAAAAA==
213111	Anzu	An evil deity of Mesopotamian folklore with an eagle's body and lion's head. While the god Enlil purified himself	 Anzu stole the Tablets of Destiny from him.	AAAAAA==
213112	Ippon-Datara	A one-eyed	 one-legged monster said to live deep in the mountains of Kumano	 Japan. It's believed to be the degraded blacksmith god	 Ame no Me-Hitotsu no Kami.	AAAAAA==
213113	Ippon-Datara	A one-eyed	 one-legged monster said to live deep in the mountains of Kumano	 Japan. It's believed to be the degraded blacksmith god	 Ame no Me-Hitotsu no Kami.	AAAAAA==
213121	Shiisaa	A holy beast said to protect houses from evil and bring good fortune. They look similar to Shinto guardian dogs	 but are actually modeled after a lion. There are many stories about it in Ryukyu lore.	AAAAAA==
213122	Shiisaa	A holy beast said to protect houses from evil and bring good fortune. They look similar to Shinto guardian dogs	 but are actually modeled after a lion. There are many stories about it in Ryukyu lore.	AAAAAA==
213123	Nigi Mitama	One of the four aspects of Shinto thought	 it works gently to help maintain a calm mind. It is said to aid in one's relations and sociability	 and can lead one in a positive direction.	AAAAAA==
213124	Nigi Mitama	One of the four aspects of Shinto thought	 it works gently to help maintain a calm mind. It is said to aid in one's relations and sociability	 and can lead one in a positive direction.	AAAAAA==
213131	Nigi Mitama	One of the four aspects of Shinto thought	 it works gently to help maintain a calm mind. It is said to aid in one's relations and sociability	 and can lead one in a positive direction.	AAAAAA==
213132	Nigi Mitama	One of the four aspects of Shinto thought	 it works gently to help maintain a calm mind. It is said to aid in one's relations and sociability	 and can lead one in a positive direction.	AAAAAA==
213133	Makami	A divine wolf god in Japanese folklore	 also written as "Oguchi-no-Magami." It is often drawn on prayer boards to prevent fires and thefts	 but it is also feared as a human-eater.	AAAAAA==
213134	Makami	A divine wolf god in Japanese folklore	 also written as "Oguchi-no-Magami." It is often drawn on prayer boards to prevent fires and thefts	 but it is also feared as a human-eater.	AAAAAA==
213141	Makami	A divine wolf god in Japanese folklore	 also written as "Oguchi-no-Magami." It is often drawn on prayer boards to prevent fires and thefts	 but it is also feared as a human-eater.	AAAAAA==
213142	Makami	A divine wolf god in Japanese folklore	 also written as "Oguchi-no-Magami." It is often drawn on prayer boards to prevent fires and thefts	 but it is also feared as a human-eater.	AAAAAA==
213143	Shiisaa	A holy beast said to protect houses from evil and bring good fortune. They look similar to Shinto guardian dogs	 but are actually modeled after a lion. There are many stories about it in Ryukyu lore.	AAAAAA==
213144	Shiisaa	A holy beast said to protect houses from evil and bring good fortune. They look similar to Shinto guardian dogs	 but are actually modeled after a lion. There are many stories about it in Ryukyu lore.	AAAAAA==
213151	Anzu	An evil deity of Mesopotamian folklore with an eagle's body and lion's head. While the god Enlil purified himself	 Anzu stole the Tablets of Destiny from him.	AAAAAA==
213152	Phoenix	The legendary bird of Chinese myth	 said to appear only in times of peace. It is the ruler of all birds. When it dies	 birds across the land chirp with sadness.	AAAAAA==
213153	Phoenix	The legendary bird of Chinese myth	 said to appear only in times of peace. It is the ruler of all birds. When it dies	 birds across the land chirp with sadness.	AAAAAA==
213161	Phoenix	The legendary bird of Chinese myth	 said to appear only in times of peace. It is the ruler of all birds. When it dies	 birds across the land chirp with sadness.	AAAAAA==
213162	Anzu	An evil deity of Mesopotamian folklore with an eagle's body and lion's head. While the god Enlil purified himself	 Anzu stole the Tablets of Destiny from him.	AAAAAA==
213163	Anzu	An evil deity of Mesopotamian folklore with an eagle's body and lion's head. While the god Enlil purified himself	 Anzu stole the Tablets of Destiny from him.	AAAAAA==
213171	Orthrus	The two-headed pet dog belonging to the giant Geryon of Greek myth. He guarded a herd of red oxen but was killed by Hercules during one of his twelve labors.	AAAAAA==
213172	Makami	A divine wolf god in Japanese folklore	 also written as "Oguchi-no-Magami." It is often drawn on prayer boards to prevent fires and thefts	 but it is also feared as a human-eater.	AAAAAA==
213173	Makami	A divine wolf god in Japanese folklore	 also written as "Oguchi-no-Magami." It is often drawn on prayer boards to prevent fires and thefts	 but it is also feared as a human-eater.	AAAAAA==
213181	Phoenix	The legendary bird of Chinese myth	 said to appear only in times of peace. It is the ruler of all birds. When it dies	 birds across the land chirp with sadness.	AAAAAA==
213182	Shiisaa	A holy beast said to protect houses from evil and bring good fortune. They look similar to Shinto guardian dogs	 but are actually modeled after a lion. There are many stories about it in Ryukyu lore.	AAAAAA==
213183	Shiisaa	A holy beast said to protect houses from evil and bring good fortune. They look similar to Shinto guardian dogs	 but are actually modeled after a lion. There are many stories about it in Ryukyu lore.	AAAAAA==
213191	Anzu	An evil deity of Mesopotamian folklore with an eagle's body and lion's head. While the god Enlil purified himself	 Anzu stole the Tablets of Destiny from him.	AAAAAA==
213192	Anzu	An evil deity of Mesopotamian folklore with an eagle's body and lion's head. While the god Enlil purified himself	 Anzu stole the Tablets of Destiny from him.	AAAAAA==
213193	Orthrus	The two-headed pet dog belonging to the giant Geryon of Greek myth. He guarded a herd of red oxen but was killed by Hercules during one of his twelve labors.	AAAAAA==
213194	Orthrus	The two-headed pet dog belonging to the giant Geryon of Greek myth. He guarded a herd of red oxen but was killed by Hercules during one of his twelve labors.	AAAAAA==
213201	Phoenix	The legendary bird of Chinese myth	 said to appear only in times of peace. It is the ruler of all birds. When it dies	 birds across the land chirp with sadness.	AAAAAA==
213202	Phoenix	The legendary bird of Chinese myth	 said to appear only in times of peace. It is the ruler of all birds. When it dies	 birds across the land chirp with sadness.	AAAAAA==
213203	Ippon-Datara	A one-eyed	 one-legged monster said to live deep in the mountains of Kumano	 Japan. It's believed to be the degraded blacksmith god	 Ame no Me-Hitotsu no Kami.	AAAAAA==
213204	Ippon-Datara	A one-eyed	 one-legged monster said to live deep in the mountains of Kumano	 Japan. It's believed to be the degraded blacksmith god	 Ame no Me-Hitotsu no Kami.	AAAAAA==
213211	Sui-Ki	One of the four oni controlled by Fujiwara no Chikata	 it can cause floods with the swing of its arms. In the Taiheiki	 Ki no Tomoo expelled the oni by reading a Japanese poem.	AAAAAA==
213212	Shiisaa	A holy beast said to protect houses from evil and bring good fortune. They look similar to Shinto guardian dogs	 but are actually modeled after a lion. There are many stories about it in Ryukyu lore.	AAAAAA==
213213	Shiisaa	A holy beast said to protect houses from evil and bring good fortune. They look similar to Shinto guardian dogs	 but are actually modeled after a lion. There are many stories about it in Ryukyu lore.	AAAAAA==
213221	Nigi Mitama	One of the four aspects of Shinto thought	 it works gently to help maintain a calm mind. It is said to aid in one's relations and sociability	 and can lead one in a positive direction.	AAAAAA==
213222	Nigi Mitama	One of the four aspects of Shinto thought	 it works gently to help maintain a calm mind. It is said to aid in one's relations and sociability	 and can lead one in a positive direction.	AAAAAA==
213231	Makami	A divine wolf god in Japanese folklore	 also written as "Oguchi-no-Magami." It is often drawn on prayer boards to prevent fires and thefts	 but it is also feared as a human-eater.	AAAAAA==
213232	Makami	A divine wolf god in Japanese folklore	 also written as "Oguchi-no-Magami." It is often drawn on prayer boards to prevent fires and thefts	 but it is also feared as a human-eater.	AAAAAA==
213241	Shiisaa	A holy beast said to protect houses from evil and bring good fortune. They look similar to Shinto guardian dogs	 but are actually modeled after a lion. There are many stories about it in Ryukyu lore.	AAAAAA==
213242	Shiisaa	A holy beast said to protect houses from evil and bring good fortune. They look similar to Shinto guardian dogs	 but are actually modeled after a lion. There are many stories about it in Ryukyu lore.	AAAAAA==
213251	Orthrus	The two-headed pet dog belonging to the giant Geryon of Greek myth. He guarded a herd of red oxen but was killed by Hercules during one of his twelve labors.	AAAAAA==
213252	Orthrus	The two-headed pet dog belonging to the giant Geryon of Greek myth. He guarded a herd of red oxen but was killed by Hercules during one of his twelve labors.	AAAAAA==
213261	Sui-Ki	One of the four oni controlled by Fujiwara no Chikata	 it can cause floods with the swing of its arms. In the Taiheiki	 Ki no Tomoo expelled the oni by reading a Japanese poem.	AAAAAA==
213262	Sui-Ki	One of the four oni controlled by Fujiwara no Chikata	 it can cause floods with the swing of its arms. In the Taiheiki	 Ki no Tomoo expelled the oni by reading a Japanese poem.	AAAAAA==
213271	Anzu	An evil deity of Mesopotamian folklore with an eagle's body and lion's head. While the god Enlil purified himself	 Anzu stole the Tablets of Destiny from him.	AAAAAA==
213272	Sudama	A spirit of rivers and mountains in Japanese lore	
it dwells in ancient trees and ageless rocks.
They are not evil	 and will often appear as humans or supernatural wonders to warn people.	AAAAAA==
213273	Sudama	A spirit of rivers and mountains in Japanese lore	 it dwells in ancient trees and ageless rocks. They are not evil	 and will often appear as humans or supernatural wonders to warn people.	AAAAAA==
213281	Orthrus	The two-headed pet dog belonging to the giant Geryon of Greek myth. He guarded a herd of red oxen but was killed by Hercules during one of his twelve labors.	AAAAAA==
213282	Shiisaa	A holy beast said to protect houses from evil and bring good fortune. They look similar to Shinto guardian dogs	 but are actually modeled after a lion. There are many stories about it in Ryukyu lore.	AAAAAA==
213283	Shiisaa	A holy beast said to protect houses from evil and bring good fortune. They look similar to Shinto guardian dogs	 but are actually modeled after a lion. There are many stories about it in Ryukyu lore.	AAAAAA==
213291	Ippon-Datara	A one-eyed	 one-legged monster said to live deep in the mountains of Kumano	 Japan. It's believed to be the degraded blacksmith god	 Ame no Me-Hitotsu no Kami.	AAAAAA==
213292	Nigi Mitama	One of the four aspects of Shinto thought	 it works gently to help maintain a calm mind. It is said to aid in one's relations and sociability	 and can lead one in a positive direction.	AAAAAA==
213293	Nigi Mitama	One of the four aspects of Shinto thought	 it works gently to help maintain a calm mind. It is said to aid in one's relations and sociability	 and can lead one in a positive direction.	AAAAAA==
213301	Phoenix	The legendary bird of Chinese myth	 said to appear only in times of peace. It is the ruler of all birds. When it dies	 birds across the land chirp with sadness.	AAAAAA==
213302	Orthrus	The two-headed pet dog belonging to the giant Geryon of Greek myth. He guarded a herd of red oxen but was killed by Hercules during one of his twelve labors.	AAAAAA==
213311	Nigi Mitama	One of the four aspects of Shinto thought	 it works gently to help maintain a calm mind. It is said to aid in one's relations and sociability	 and can lead one in a positive direction.	AAAAAA==
213321	Phoenix	The legendary bird of Chinese myth	 said to appear only in times of peace. It is the ruler of all birds. When it dies	 birds across the land chirp with sadness.	AAAAAA==
213331	Orthrus	The two-headed pet dog belonging to the giant Geryon of Greek myth. He guarded a herd of red oxen but was killed by Hercules during one of his twelve labors.	AAAAAA==
213332	Sudama	A spirit of rivers and mountains in Japanese lore	 it dwells in ancient trees and ageless rocks. They are not evil	 and will often appear as humans or supernatural wonders to warn people.	AAAAAA==
213341	Anzu	An evil deity of Mesopotamian folklore with an eagle's body and lion's head. While the god Enlil purified himself	 Anzu stole the Tablets of Destiny from him.	AAAAAA==
213342	Phoenix	The legendary bird of Chinese myth	 said to appear only in times of peace. It is the ruler of all birds. When it dies	 birds across the land chirp with sadness.	AAAAAA==
214011	Sui-Ki	One of the four oni controlled by Fujiwara no Chikata	 it can cause floods with the swing of its arms. In the Taiheiki	 Ki no Tomoo expelled the oni by reading a Japanese poem.	AAAAAA==
214012	Orthrus	The two-headed pet dog belonging to the giant Geryon of Greek myth. He guarded a herd of red oxen but was killed by Hercules during one of his twelve labors.	AAAAAA==
214013	Orthrus	The two-headed pet dog belonging to the giant Geryon of Greek myth. He guarded a herd of red oxen but was killed by Hercules during one of his twelve labors.	AAAAAA==
214021	Anzu	An evil deity of Mesopotamian folklore with an eagle's body and lion's head. While the god Enlil purified himself	 Anzu stole the Tablets of Destiny from him.	AAAAAA==
214022	Anzu	An evil deity of Mesopotamian folklore with an eagle's body and lion's head. While the god Enlil purified himself	 Anzu stole the Tablets of Destiny from him.	AAAAAA==
214031	Ippon-Datara	A one-eyed	 one-legged monster said to live deep in the mountains of Kumano	 Japan. It's believed to be the degraded blacksmith god	 Ame no Me-Hitotsu no Kami.	AAAAAA==
214032	Ippon-Datara	A one-eyed	 one-legged monster said to live deep in the mountains of Kumano	 Japan. It's believed to be the degraded blacksmith god	 Ame no Me-Hitotsu no Kami.	AAAAAA==
214033	Phoenix	The legendary bird of Chinese myth	 said to appear only in times of peace. It is the ruler of all birds. When it dies	 birds across the land chirp with sadness.	AAAAAA==
214034	Phoenix	The legendary bird of Chinese myth	 said to appear only in times of peace. It is the ruler of all birds. When it dies	 birds across the land chirp with sadness.	AAAAAA==
214041	Phoenix	The legendary bird of Chinese myth	 said to appear only in times of peace. It is the ruler of all birds. When it dies	 birds across the land chirp with sadness.	AAAAAA==
214042	Sudama	A spirit of rivers and mountains in Japanese lore	 it dwells in ancient trees and ageless rocks. They are not evil	 and will often appear as humans or supernatural wonders to warn people.	AAAAAA==
214043	Sudama	A spirit of rivers and mountains in Japanese lore	 it dwells in ancient trees and ageless rocks. They are not evil	 and will often appear as humans or supernatural wonders to warn people.	AAAAAA==
214051	Sudama	A spirit of rivers and mountains in Japanese lore	 it dwells in ancient trees and ageless rocks. They are not evil	 and will often appear as humans or supernatural wonders to warn people.	AAAAAA==
214052	Sudama	A spirit of rivers and mountains in Japanese lore	 it dwells in ancient trees and ageless rocks. They are not evil	 and will often appear as humans or supernatural wonders to warn people.	AAAAAA==
214053	Nigi Mitama	One of the four aspects of Shinto thought	 it works gently to help maintain a calm mind. It is said to aid in one's relations and sociability	 and can lead one in a positive direction.	AAAAAA==
214054	Nigi Mitama	One of the four aspects of Shinto thought	 it works gently to help maintain a calm mind. It is said to aid in one's relations and sociability	 and can lead one in a positive direction.	AAAAAA==
214061	Anzu	An evil deity of Mesopotamian folklore with an eagle's body and lion's head. While the god Enlil purified himself	 Anzu stole the Tablets of Destiny from him.	AAAAAA==
214062	Anzu	An evil deity of Mesopotamian folklore with an eagle's body and lion's head. While the god Enlil purified himself	 Anzu stole the Tablets of Destiny from him.	AAAAAA==
214063	Anzu	An evil deity of Mesopotamian folklore with an eagle's body and lion's head. While the god Enlil purified himself	 Anzu stole the Tablets of Destiny from him.	AAAAAA==
214071	Shiisaa	A holy beast said to protect houses from evil and bring good fortune. They look similar to Shinto guardian dogs	 but are actually modeled after a lion. There are many stories about it in Ryukyu lore.	AAAAAA==
214072	Shiisaa	A holy beast said to protect houses from evil and bring good fortune. They look similar to Shinto guardian dogs	 but are actually modeled after a lion. There are many stories about it in Ryukyu lore.	AAAAAA==
214073	Makami	A divine wolf god in Japanese folklore	 also written as "Oguchi-no-Magami." It is often drawn on prayer boards to prevent fires and thefts	 but it is also feared as a human-eater.	AAAAAA==
214074	Makami	A divine wolf god in Japanese folklore	 also written as "Oguchi-no-Magami." It is often drawn on prayer boards to prevent fires and thefts	 but it is also feared as a human-eater.	AAAAAA==
214081	Nigi Mitama	One of the four aspects of Shinto thought	 it works gently to help maintain a calm mind. It is said to aid in one's relations and sociability	 and can lead one in a positive direction.	AAAAAA==
214082	Nigi Mitama	One of the four aspects of Shinto thought	 it works gently to help maintain a calm mind. It is said to aid in one's relations and sociability	 and can lead one in a positive direction.	AAAAAA==
214091	Anzu	An evil deity of Mesopotamian folklore with an eagle's body and lion's head. While the god Enlil purified himself	 Anzu stole the Tablets of Destiny from him.	AAAAAA==
214092	Phoenix	The legendary bird of Chinese myth	 said to appear only in times of peace. It is the ruler of all birds. When it dies	 birds across the land chirp with sadness.	AAAAAA==
214093	Phoenix	The legendary bird of Chinese myth	 said to appear only in times of peace. It is the ruler of all birds. When it dies	 birds across the land chirp with sadness.	AAAAAA==
214101	Sui-Ki	One of the four oni controlled by Fujiwara no Chikata	 it can cause floods with the swing of its arms. In the Taiheiki	 Ki no Tomoo expelled the oni by reading a Japanese poem.	AAAAAA==
214102	Ippon-Datara	A one-eyed	 one-legged monster said to live deep in the mountains of Kumano	 Japan. It's believed to be the degraded blacksmith god	 Ame no Me-Hitotsu no Kami.	AAAAAA==
214103	Ippon-Datara	A one-eyed	 one-legged monster said to live deep in the mountains of Kumano	 Japan. It's believed to be the degraded blacksmith god	 Ame no Me-Hitotsu no Kami.	AAAAAA==
214111	Orthrus	The two-headed pet dog belonging to the giant Geryon of Greek myth. He guarded a herd of red oxen but was killed by Hercules during one of his twelve labors.	AAAAAA==
214112	Shiisaa	A holy beast said to protect houses from evil and bring good fortune. They look similar to Shinto guardian dogs	 but are actually modeled after a lion. There are many stories about it in Ryukyu lore.	AAAAAA==
214113	Shiisaa	A holy beast said to protect houses from evil and bring good fortune. They look similar to Shinto guardian dogs	 but are actually modeled after a lion. There are many stories about it in Ryukyu lore.	AAAAAA==
214121	Anzu	An evil deity of Mesopotamian folklore with an eagle's body and lion's head. While the god Enlil purified himself	 Anzu stole the Tablets of Destiny from him.	AAAAAA==
214122	Makami	A divine wolf god in Japanese folklore	 also written as "Oguchi-no-Magami." It is often drawn on prayer boards to prevent fires and thefts	 but it is also feared as a human-eater.	AAAAAA==
214123	Makami	A divine wolf god in Japanese folklore	 also written as "Oguchi-no-Magami." It is often drawn on prayer boards to prevent fires and thefts	 but it is also feared as a human-eater.	AAAAAA==
214131	Ippon-Datara	A one-eyed	 one-legged monster said to live deep in the mountains of Kumano	 Japan. It's believed to be the degraded blacksmith god	 Ame no Me-Hitotsu no Kami.	AAAAAA==
214132	Nigi Mitama	One of the four aspects of Shinto thought	 it works gently to help maintain a calm mind. It is said to aid in one's relations and sociability	 and can lead one in a positive direction.	AAAAAA==
214133	Nigi Mitama	One of the four aspects of Shinto thought	 it works gently to help maintain a calm mind. It is said to aid in one's relations and sociability	 and can lead one in a positive direction.	AAAAAA==
214141	Phoenix	The legendary bird of Chinese myth	 said to appear only in times of peace. It is the ruler of all birds. When it dies	 birds across the land chirp with sadness.	AAAAAA==
214142	Orthrus	The two-headed pet dog belonging to the giant Geryon of Greek myth. He guarded a herd of red oxen but was killed by Hercules during one of his twelve labors.	AAAAAA==
214143	Orthrus	The two-headed pet dog belonging to the giant Geryon of Greek myth. He guarded a herd of red oxen but was killed by Hercules during one of his twelve labors.	AAAAAA==
214151	Shiisaa	A holy beast said to protect houses from evil and bring good fortune. They look similar to Shinto guardian dogs	 but are actually modeled after a lion. There are many stories about it in Ryukyu lore.	AAAAAA==
214152	Shiisaa	A holy beast said to protect houses from evil and bring good fortune. They look similar to Shinto guardian dogs	 but are actually modeled after a lion. There are many stories about it in Ryukyu lore.	AAAAAA==
214161	Sudama	A spirit of rivers and mountains in Japanese lore	 it dwells in ancient trees and ageless rocks. They are not evil	 and will often appear as humans or supernatural wonders to warn people.	AAAAAA==
214162	Sudama	A spirit of rivers and mountains in Japanese lore	 it dwells in ancient trees and ageless rocks. They are not evil	 and will often appear as humans or supernatural wonders to warn people.	AAAAAA==
214171	Anzu	An evil deity of Mesopotamian folklore with an eagle's body and lion's head. While the god Enlil purified himself	 Anzu stole the Tablets of Destiny from him.	AAAAAA==
214172	Anzu	An evil deity of Mesopotamian folklore with an eagle's body and lion's head. While the god Enlil purified himself	 Anzu stole the Tablets of Destiny from him.	AAAAAA==
214181	Ippon-Datara	A one-eyed	 one-legged monster said to live deep in the mountains of Kumano	 Japan. It's believed to be the degraded blacksmith god	 Ame no Me-Hitotsu no Kami.	AAAAAA==
214182	Sudama	A spirit of rivers and mountains in Japanese lore	 it dwells in ancient trees and ageless rocks. They are not evil	 and will often appear as humans or supernatural wonders to warn people.	AAAAAA==
214183	Sudama	A spirit of rivers and mountains in Japanese lore	 it dwells in ancient trees and ageless rocks. They are not evil	 and will often appear as humans or supernatural wonders to warn people.	AAAAAA==
214191	Phoenix	The legendary bird of Chinese myth	 said to appear only in times of peace. It is the ruler of all birds. When it dies	 birds across the land chirp with sadness.	AAAAAA==
214192	Nigi Mitama	One of the four aspects of Shinto thought	 it works gently to help maintain a calm mind. It is said to aid in one's relations and sociability	 and can lead one in a positive direction.	AAAAAA==
214193	Nigi Mitama	One of the four aspects of Shinto thought	 it works gently to help maintain a calm mind. It is said to aid in one's relations and sociability	 and can lead one in a positive direction.	AAAAAA==
214201	Shiisaa	A holy beast said to protect houses from evil and bring good fortune. They look similar to Shinto guardian dogs	 but are actually modeled after a lion. There are many stories about it in Ryukyu lore.	AAAAAA==
214202	Makami	A divine wolf god in Japanese folklore	 also written as "Oguchi-no-Magami." It is often drawn on prayer boards to prevent fires and thefts	 but it is also feared as a human-eater.	AAAAAA==
214203	Makami	A divine wolf god in Japanese folklore	 also written as "Oguchi-no-Magami." It is often drawn on prayer boards to prevent fires and thefts	 but it is also feared as a human-eater.	AAAAAA==
214204	Nigi Mitama	One of the four aspects of Shinto thought	 it works gently to help maintain a calm mind. It is said to aid in one's relations and sociability	 and can lead one in a positive direction.	AAAAAA==
214205	Nigi Mitama	One of the four aspects of Shinto thought	 it works gently to help maintain a calm mind. It is said to aid in one's relations and sociability	 and can lead one in a positive direction.	AAAAAA==
214211	Sudama	A spirit of rivers and mountains in Japanese lore	 it dwells in ancient trees and ageless rocks. They are not evil	 and will often appear as humans or supernatural wonders to warn people.	AAAAAA==
214212	Makami	A divine wolf god in Japanese folklore	 also written as "Oguchi-no-Magami." It is often drawn on prayer boards to prevent fires and thefts	 but it is also feared as a human-eater.	AAAAAA==
214213	Makami	A divine wolf god in Japanese folklore	 also written as "Oguchi-no-Magami." It is often drawn on prayer boards to prevent fires and thefts	 but it is also feared as a human-eater.	AAAAAA==
214221	Nigi Mitama	One of the four aspects of Shinto thought	 it works gently to help maintain a calm mind. It is said to aid in one's relations and sociability	 and can lead one in a positive direction.	AAAAAA==
214222	Nigi Mitama	One of the four aspects of Shinto thought	 it works gently to help maintain a calm mind. It is said to aid in one's relations and sociability	 and can lead one in a positive direction.	AAAAAA==
214223	Nigi Mitama	One of the four aspects of Shinto thought	 it works gently to help maintain a calm mind. It is said to aid in one's relations and sociability	 and can lead one in a positive direction.	AAAAAA==
214231	Sudama	A spirit of rivers and mountains in Japanese lore	 it dwells in ancient trees and ageless rocks. They are not evil	 and will often appear as humans or supernatural wonders to warn people.	AAAAAA==
214232	Sudama	A spirit of rivers and mountains in Japanese lore	 it dwells in ancient trees and ageless rocks. They are not evil	 and will often appear as humans or supernatural wonders to warn people.	AAAAAA==
214233	Sudama	A spirit of rivers and mountains in Japanese lore	 it dwells in ancient trees and ageless rocks. They are not evil	 and will often appear as humans or supernatural wonders to warn people.	AAAAAA==
214241	Anzu	An evil deity of Mesopotamian folklore with an eagle's body and lion's head. While the god Enlil purified himself	 Anzu stole the Tablets of Destiny from him.	AAAAAA==
214242	Shiisaa	A holy beast said to protect houses from evil and bring good fortune. They look similar to Shinto guardian dogs	 but are actually modeled after a lion. There are many stories about it in Ryukyu lore.	AAAAAA==
214243	Shiisaa	A holy beast said to protect houses from evil and bring good fortune. They look similar to Shinto guardian dogs	 but are actually modeled after a lion. There are many stories about it in Ryukyu lore.	AAAAAA==
214244	Makami	A divine wolf god in Japanese folklore	 also written as "Oguchi-no-Magami." It is often drawn on prayer boards to prevent fires and thefts	 but it is also feared as a human-eater.	AAAAAA==
214245	Makami	A divine wolf god in Japanese folklore	 also written as "Oguchi-no-Magami." It is often drawn on prayer boards to prevent fires and thefts	 but it is also feared as a human-eater.	AAAAAA==
214251	Sui-Ki	One of the four oni controlled by Fujiwara no Chikata	 it can cause floods with the swing of its arms. In the Taiheiki	 Ki no Tomoo expelled the oni by reading a Japanese poem.	AAAAAA==
214252	Ippon-Datara	A one-eyed	 one-legged monster said to live deep in the mountains of Kumano	 Japan. It's believed to be the degraded blacksmith god	 Ame no Me-Hitotsu no Kami.	AAAAAA==
214253	Ippon-Datara	A one-eyed	 one-legged monster said to live deep in the mountains of Kumano	 Japan. It's believed to be the degraded blacksmith god	 Ame no Me-Hitotsu no Kami.	AAAAAA==
214261	Sui-Ki	One of the four oni controlled by Fujiwara no Chikata	 it can cause floods with the swing of its arms. In the Taiheiki	 Ki no Tomoo expelled the oni by reading a Japanese poem.	AAAAAA==
214262	Sui-Ki	One of the four oni controlled by Fujiwara no Chikata	 it can cause floods with the swing of its arms. In the Taiheiki	 Ki no Tomoo expelled the oni by reading a Japanese poem.	AAAAAA==
214271	Anzu	An evil deity of Mesopotamian folklore with an eagle's body and lion's head. While the god Enlil purified himself	 Anzu stole the Tablets of Destiny from him.	AAAAAA==
214272	Anzu	An evil deity of Mesopotamian folklore with an eagle's body and lion's head. While the god Enlil purified himself	 Anzu stole the Tablets of Destiny from him.	AAAAAA==
214281	Anzu	An evil deity of Mesopotamian folklore with an eagle's body and lion's head. While the god Enlil purified himself	 Anzu stole the Tablets of Destiny from him.	AAAAAA==
214291	Ippon-Datara	A one-eyed	 one-legged monster said to live deep in the mountains of Kumano	 Japan. It's believed to be the degraded blacksmith god	 Ame no Me-Hitotsu no Kami.	AAAAAA==
214301	Shiisaa	A holy beast said to protect houses from evil and bring good fortune. They look similar to Shinto guardian dogs	 but are actually modeled after a lion. There are many stories about it in Ryukyu lore.	AAAAAA==
214302	Makami	A divine wolf god in Japanese folklore	 also written as "Oguchi-no-Magami." It is often drawn on prayer boards to prevent fires and thefts	 but it is also feared as a human-eater.	AAAAAA==
214311	Sui-Ki	One of the four oni controlled by Fujiwara no Chikata	 it can cause floods with the swing of its arms. In the Taiheiki	 Ki no Tomoo expelled the oni by reading a Japanese poem.	AAAAAA==
214321	Sudama	A spirit of rivers and mountains in Japanese lore	 it dwells in ancient trees and ageless rocks. They are not evil	 and will often appear as humans or supernatural wonders to warn people.	AAAAAA==
214322	Makami	A divine wolf god in Japanese folklore	 also written as "Oguchi-no-Magami." It is often drawn on prayer boards to prevent fires and thefts	 but it is also feared as a human-eater.	AAAAAA==
214331	Orthrus	The two-headed pet dog belonging to the giant Geryon of Greek myth. He guarded a herd of red oxen but was killed by Hercules during one of his twelve labors.	AAAAAA==
214332	Shiisaa	A holy beast said to protect houses from evil and bring good fortune. They look similar to Shinto guardian dogs	 but are actually modeled after a lion. There are many stories about it in Ryukyu lore.	AAAAAA==
214341	Sui-Ki	One of the four oni controlled by Fujiwara no Chikata	 it can cause floods with the swing of its arms. In the Taiheiki	 Ki no Tomoo expelled the oni by reading a Japanese poem.	AAAAAA==
214342	Orthrus	The two-headed pet dog belonging to the giant Geryon of Greek myth. He guarded a herd of red oxen but was killed by Hercules during one of his twelve labors.	AAAAAA==
215011	Sui-Ki	One of the four oni controlled by Fujiwara no Chikata	 it can cause floods with the swing of its arms. In the Taiheiki	 Ki no Tomoo expelled the oni by reading a Japanese poem.	AAAAAA==
215012	Sui-Ki	One of the four oni controlled by Fujiwara no Chikata	 it can cause floods with the swing of its arms. In the Taiheiki	 Ki no Tomoo expelled the oni by reading a Japanese poem.	AAAAAA==
215013	Ara Mitama	One of the four aspects of Shinto thought	 it has the power to grant ferocity. It is said to aid in one's bravery	 growth	 and endeavors	 though it can lead in a negative direction.	AAAAAA==
215014	Ara Mitama	One of the four aspects of Shinto thought	 it has the power to grant ferocity. It is said to aid in one's bravery	 growth	 and endeavors	 though it can lead in a negative direction.	AAAAAA==
215021	Lamia	A half-human	 half-snake female monster of Greek myth	 she was once the queen of Libya. Zeus's jealous wife	 Hera	 killed her children	 causing her to go mad and transform into a monster.	AAAAAA==
215022	Sudama	A spirit of rivers and mountains in Japanese lore	 it dwells in ancient trees and ageless rocks. They are not evil	 and will often appear as humans or supernatural wonders to warn people.	AAAAAA==
215023	Sudama	A spirit of rivers and mountains in Japanese lore	 it dwells in ancient trees and ageless rocks. They are not evil	 and will often appear as humans or supernatural wonders to warn people.	AAAAAA==
215031	Anzu	An evil deity of Mesopotamian folklore with an eagle's body and lion's head. While the god Enlil purified himself	 Anzu stole the Tablets of Destiny from him.	AAAAAA==
215032	Anzu	An evil deity of Mesopotamian folklore with an eagle's body and lion's head. While the god Enlil purified himself	 Anzu stole the Tablets of Destiny from him.	AAAAAA==
215041	Orthrus	The two-headed pet dog belonging to the giant Geryon of Greek myth. He guarded a herd of red oxen but was killed by Hercules during one of his twelve labors.	AAAAAA==
215042	Orthrus	The two-headed pet dog belonging to the giant Geryon of Greek myth. He guarded a herd of red oxen but was killed by Hercules during one of his twelve labors.	AAAAAA==
215043	Orthrus	The two-headed pet dog belonging to the giant Geryon of Greek myth. He guarded a herd of red oxen but was killed by Hercules during one of his twelve labors.	AAAAAA==
215051	Lamia	A half-human	 half-snake female monster of Greek myth	 she was once the queen of Libya. Zeus's jealous wife	 Hera	 killed her children	 causing her to go mad and transform into a monster.	AAAAAA==
215052	Sui-Ki	One of the four oni controlled by Fujiwara no Chikata	 it can cause floods with the swing of its arms. In the Taiheiki	 Ki no Tomoo expelled the oni by reading a Japanese poem.	AAAAAA==
215053	Sui-Ki	One of the four oni controlled by Fujiwara no Chikata	 it can cause floods with the swing of its arms. In the Taiheiki	 Ki no Tomoo expelled the oni by reading a Japanese poem.	AAAAAA==
215061	Kin-Ki	One of the four oni controlled by Fujiwara no Chikata	 its body is so hard that no weapons can penetrate it. It and its comrades fell into hell through holes that can still be found in modern Iga.	AAAAAA==
215062	Kin-Ki	One of the four oni controlled by Fujiwara no Chikata	 its body is so hard that no weapons can penetrate it. It and its comrades fell into hell through holes that can still be found in modern Iga.	AAAAAA==
215071	Lamia	A half-human	 half-snake female monster of Greek myth	 she was once the queen of Libya. Zeus's jealous wife	 Hera	 killed her children	 causing her to go mad and transform into a monster.	AAAAAA==
215072	Anzu	An evil deity of Mesopotamian folklore with an eagle's body and lion's head. While the god Enlil purified himself	 Anzu stole the Tablets of Destiny from him.	AAAAAA==
215073	Anzu	An evil deity of Mesopotamian folklore with an eagle's body and lion's head. While the god Enlil purified himself	 Anzu stole the Tablets of Destiny from him.	AAAAAA==
215081	Kin-Ki	One of the four oni controlled by Fujiwara no Chikata	 its body is so hard that no weapons can penetrate it. It and its comrades fell into hell through holes that can still be found in modern Iga.	AAAAAA==
215082	Nigi Mitama	One of the four aspects of Shinto thought	 it works gently to help maintain a calm mind. It is said to aid in one's relations and sociability	 and can lead one in a positive direction.	AAAAAA==
215083	Nigi Mitama	One of the four aspects of Shinto thought	 it works gently to help maintain a calm mind. It is said to aid in one's relations and sociability	 and can lead one in a positive direction.	AAAAAA==
215091	Anzu	An evil deity of Mesopotamian folklore with an eagle's body and lion's head. While the god Enlil purified himself	 Anzu stole the Tablets of Destiny from him.	AAAAAA==
215092	Anzu	An evil deity of Mesopotamian folklore with an eagle's body and lion's head. While the god Enlil purified himself	 Anzu stole the Tablets of Destiny from him.	AAAAAA==
215093	Ara Mitama	One of the four aspects of Shinto thought	 it has the power to grant ferocity. It is said to aid in one's bravery	 growth	 and endeavors	 though it can lead in a negative direction.	AAAAAA==
215094	Ara Mitama	One of the four aspects of Shinto thought	 it has the power to grant ferocity. It is said to aid in one's bravery	 growth	 and endeavors	 though it can lead in a negative direction.	AAAAAA==
215101	Sui-Ki	One of the four oni controlled by Fujiwara no Chikata	 it can cause floods with the swing of its arms. In the Taiheiki	 Ki no Tomoo expelled the oni by reading a Japanese poem.	AAAAAA==
215102	Sudama	A spirit of rivers and mountains in Japanese lore	 it dwells in ancient trees and ageless rocks. They are not evil	 and will often appear as humans or supernatural wonders to warn people.	AAAAAA==
215103	Sudama	A spirit of rivers and mountains in Japanese lore	 it dwells in ancient trees and ageless rocks. They are not evil	 and will often appear as humans or supernatural wonders to warn people.	AAAAAA==
215111	Ara Mitama	One of the four aspects of Shinto thought	 it has the power to grant ferocity. It is said to aid in one's bravery	 growth	 and endeavors	 though it can lead in a negative direction.	AAAAAA==
215112	Ara Mitama	One of the four aspects of Shinto thought	 it has the power to grant ferocity. It is said to aid in one's bravery	 growth	 and endeavors	 though it can lead in a negative direction.	AAAAAA==
215121	Lamia	A half-human	 half-snake female monster of Greek myth	 she was once the queen of Libya. Zeus's jealous wife	 Hera	 killed her children	 causing her to go mad and transform into a monster.	AAAAAA==
215122	Lamia	A half-human	 half-snake female monster of Greek myth	 she was once the queen of Libya. Zeus's jealous wife	 Hera	 killed her children	 causing her to go mad and transform into a monster.	AAAAAA==
215131	Kin-Ki	One of the four oni controlled by Fujiwara no Chikata	 its body is so hard that no weapons can penetrate it. It and its comrades fell into hell through holes that can still be found in modern Iga.	AAAAAA==
215132	Anzu	An evil deity of Mesopotamian folklore with an eagle's body and lion's head. While the god Enlil purified himself	 Anzu stole the Tablets of Destiny from him.	AAAAAA==
215133	Anzu	An evil deity of Mesopotamian folklore with an eagle's body and lion's head. While the god Enlil purified himself	 Anzu stole the Tablets of Destiny from him.	AAAAAA==
215141	Sui-Ki	One of the four oni controlled by Fujiwara no Chikata	 it can cause floods with the swing of its arms. In the Taiheiki	 Ki no Tomoo expelled the oni by reading a Japanese poem.	AAAAAA==
215142	Sui-Ki	One of the four oni controlled by Fujiwara no Chikata	 it can cause floods with the swing of its arms. In the Taiheiki	 Ki no Tomoo expelled the oni by reading a Japanese poem.	AAAAAA==
215151	Anzu	An evil deity of Mesopotamian folklore with an eagle's body and lion's head. While the god Enlil purified himself	 Anzu stole the Tablets of Destiny from him.	AAAAAA==
215152	Anzu	An evil deity of Mesopotamian folklore with an eagle's body and lion's head. While the god Enlil purified himself	 Anzu stole the Tablets of Destiny from him.	AAAAAA==
215161	Kin-Ki	One of the four oni controlled by Fujiwara no Chikata	 its body is so hard that no weapons can penetrate it. It and its comrades fell into hell through holes that can still be found in modern Iga.	AAAAAA==
215162	Sudama	A spirit of rivers and mountains in Japanese lore	 it dwells in ancient trees and ageless rocks. They are not evil	 and will often appear as humans or supernatural wonders to warn people.	AAAAAA==
215163	Sudama	A spirit of rivers and mountains in Japanese lore	 it dwells in ancient trees and ageless rocks. They are not evil	 and will often appear as humans or supernatural wonders to warn people.	AAAAAA==
215171	Lamia	A half-human	 half-snake female monster of Greek myth	 she was once the queen of Libya. Zeus's jealous wife	 Hera	 killed her children	 causing her to go mad and transform into a monster.	AAAAAA==
215172	Anzu	An evil deity of Mesopotamian folklore with an eagle's body and lion's head. While the god Enlil purified himself	 Anzu stole the Tablets of Destiny from him.	AAAAAA==
215173	Anzu	An evil deity of Mesopotamian folklore with an eagle's body and lion's head. While the god Enlil purified himself	 Anzu stole the Tablets of Destiny from him.	AAAAAA==
215181	Ara Mitama	One of the four aspects of Shinto thought	 it has the power to grant ferocity. It is said to aid in one's bravery	 growth	 and endeavors	 though it can lead in a negative direction.	AAAAAA==
215182	Ara Mitama	One of the four aspects of Shinto thought	 it has the power to grant ferocity. It is said to aid in one's bravery	 growth	 and endeavors	 though it can lead in a negative direction.	AAAAAA==
215183	Nigi Mitama	One of the four aspects of Shinto thought	 it works gently to help maintain a calm mind. It is said to aid in one's relations and sociability	 and can lead one in a positive direction.	AAAAAA==
215184	Nigi Mitama	One of the four aspects of Shinto thought	 it works gently to help maintain a calm mind. It is said to aid in one's relations and sociability	 and can lead one in a positive direction.	AAAAAA==
215191	Kin-Ki	One of the four oni controlled by Fujiwara no Chikata	 its body is so hard that no weapons can penetrate it. It and its comrades fell into hell through holes that can still be found in modern Iga.	AAAAAA==
215192	Sui-Ki	One of the four oni controlled by Fujiwara no Chikata	 it can cause floods with the swing of its arms. In the Taiheiki	 Ki no Tomoo expelled the oni by reading a Japanese poem.	AAAAAA==
215193	Sui-Ki	One of the four oni controlled by Fujiwara no Chikata	 it can cause floods with the swing of its arms. In the Taiheiki	 Ki no Tomoo expelled the oni by reading a Japanese poem.	AAAAAA==
215201	Phoenix	The legendary bird of Chinese myth	 said to appear only in times of peace. It is the ruler of all birds. When it dies	 birds across the land chirp with sadness.	AAAAAA==
215202	Ara Mitama	One of the four aspects of Shinto thought	 it has the power to grant ferocity. It is said to aid in one's bravery	 growth	 and endeavors	 though it can lead in a negative direction.	AAAAAA==
215203	Ara Mitama	One of the four aspects of Shinto thought	 it has the power to grant ferocity. It is said to aid in one's bravery	 growth	 and endeavors	 though it can lead in a negative direction.	AAAAAA==
215211	Lamia	A half-human	 half-snake female monster of Greek myth	 she was once the queen of Libya. Zeus's jealous wife	 Hera	 killed her children	 causing her to go mad and transform into a monster.	AAAAAA==
215212	Orthrus	The two-headed pet dog belonging to the giant Geryon of Greek myth. He guarded a herd of red oxen but was killed by Hercules during one of his twelve labors.	AAAAAA==
215213	Orthrus	The two-headed pet dog belonging to the giant Geryon of Greek myth. He guarded a herd of red oxen but was killed by Hercules during one of his twelve labors.	AAAAAA==
215221	Lamia	A half-human	 half-snake female monster of Greek myth	 she was once the queen of Libya. Zeus's jealous wife	 Hera	 killed her children	 causing her to go mad and transform into a monster.	AAAAAA==
215231	Ara Mitama	One of the four aspects of Shinto thought	 it has the power to grant ferocity. It is said to aid in one's bravery	 growth	 and endeavors	 though it can lead in a negative direction.	AAAAAA==
215241	Kin-Ki	One of the four oni controlled by Fujiwara no Chikata	 its body is so hard that no weapons can penetrate it. It and its comrades fell into hell through holes that can still be found in modern Iga.	AAAAAA==
215242	Ara Mitama	One of the four aspects of Shinto thought	 it has the power to grant ferocity. It is said to aid in one's bravery	 growth	 and endeavors	 though it can lead in a negative direction.	AAAAAA==
215251	Orthrus	The two-headed pet dog belonging to the giant Geryon of Greek myth. He guarded a herd of red oxen but was killed by Hercules during one of his twelve labors.	AAAAAA==
215252	Nigi Mitama	One of the four aspects of Shinto thought	 it works gently to help maintain a calm mind. It is said to aid in one's relations and sociability	 and can lead one in a positive direction.	AAAAAA==
215261	Anzu	An evil deity of Mesopotamian folklore with an eagle's body and lion's head. While the god Enlil purified himself	 Anzu stole the Tablets of Destiny from him.	AAAAAA==
215262	Nigi Mitama	One of the four aspects of Shinto thought	 it works gently to help maintain a calm mind. It is said to aid in one's relations and sociability	 and can lead one in a positive direction.	AAAAAA==
215271	Kin-Ki	One of the four oni controlled by Fujiwara no Chikata	 its body is so hard that no weapons can penetrate it. It and its comrades fell into hell through holes that can still be found in modern Iga.	AAAAAA==
215281	Ara Mitama	One of the four aspects of Shinto thought	 it has the power to grant ferocity. It is said to aid in one's bravery	 growth	 and endeavors	 though it can lead in a negative direction.	AAAAAA==
215282	Nigi Mitama	One of the four aspects of Shinto thought	 it works gently to help maintain a calm mind. It is said to aid in one's relations and sociability	 and can lead one in a positive direction.	AAAAAA==
215291	Kin-Ki	One of the four oni controlled by Fujiwara no Chikata	 its body is so hard that no weapons can penetrate it. It and its comrades fell into hell through holes that can still be found in modern Iga.	AAAAAA==
215292	Lamia	A half-human	 half-snake female monster of Greek myth	 she was once the queen of Libya. Zeus's jealous wife	 Hera	 killed her children	 causing her to go mad and transform into a monster.	AAAAAA==
215301	Lamia	A half-human	 half-snake female monster of Greek myth	 she was once the queen of Libya. Zeus's jealous wife	 Hera	 killed her children	 causing her to go mad and transform into a monster.	AAAAAA==
215311	Ara Mitama	One of the four aspects of Shinto thought	 it has the power to grant ferocity. It is said to aid in one's bravery	 growth	 and endeavors	 though it can lead in a negative direction.	AAAAAA==
215312	Nigi Mitama	One of the four aspects of Shinto thought	 it works gently to help maintain a calm mind. It is said to aid in one's relations and sociability	 and can lead one in a positive direction.	AAAAAA==
215321	Kin-Ki	One of the four oni controlled by Fujiwara no Chikata	 its body is so hard that no weapons can penetrate it. It and its comrades fell into hell through holes that can still be found in modern Iga.	AAAAAA==
215322	Sudama	A spirit of rivers and mountains in Japanese lore	 it dwells in ancient trees and ageless rocks. They are not evil	 and will often appear as humans or supernatural wonders to warn people.	AAAAAA==
215331	Kin-Ki	One of the four oni controlled by Fujiwara no Chikata	 its body is so hard that no weapons can penetrate it. It and its comrades fell into hell through holes that can still be found in modern Iga.	AAAAAA==
215341	Anzu	An evil deity of Mesopotamian folklore with an eagle's body and lion's head. While the god Enlil purified himself	 Anzu stole the Tablets of Destiny from him.	AAAAAA==
215351	Ara Mitama	One of the four aspects of Shinto thought	 it has the power to grant ferocity. It is said to aid in one's bravery	 growth	 and endeavors	 though it can lead in a negative direction.	AAAAAA==
215352	Nigi Mitama	One of the four aspects of Shinto thought	 it works gently to help maintain a calm mind. It is said to aid in one's relations and sociability	 and can lead one in a positive direction.	AAAAAA==
215361	Lamia	A half-human	 half-snake female monster of Greek myth	 she was once the queen of Libya. Zeus's jealous wife	 Hera	 killed her children	 causing her to go mad and transform into a monster.	AAAAAA==
215362	Orthrus	The two-headed pet dog belonging to the giant Geryon of Greek myth. He guarded a herd of red oxen but was killed by Hercules during one of his twelve labors.	AAAAAA==
215371	Orthrus	The two-headed pet dog belonging to the giant Geryon of Greek myth. He guarded a herd of red oxen but was killed by Hercules during one of his twelve labors.	AAAAAA==
215381	Orthrus	The two-headed pet dog belonging to the giant Geryon of Greek myth. He guarded a herd of red oxen but was killed by Hercules during one of his twelve labors.	AAAAAA==
215382	Nigi Mitama	One of the four aspects of Shinto thought	 it works gently to help maintain a calm mind. It is said to aid in one's relations and sociability	 and can lead one in a positive direction.	AAAAAA==
215391	Kin-Ki	One of the four oni controlled by Fujiwara no Chikata	 its body is so hard that no weapons can penetrate it. It and its comrades fell into hell through holes that can still be found in modern Iga.	AAAAAA==
215401	Ara Mitama	One of the four aspects of Shinto thought	 it has the power to grant ferocity. It is said to aid in one's bravery	 growth	 and endeavors	 though it can lead in a negative direction.	AAAAAA==
215402	Sudama	A spirit of rivers and mountains in Japanese lore	 it dwells in ancient trees and ageless rocks. They are not evil	 and will often appear as humans or supernatural wonders to warn people.	AAAAAA==
215411	Lamia	A half-human	 half-snake female monster of Greek myth	 she was once the queen of Libya. Zeus's jealous wife	 Hera	 killed her children	 causing her to go mad and transform into a monster.	AAAAAA==
215412	Orthrus	The two-headed pet dog belonging to the giant Geryon of Greek myth. He guarded a herd of red oxen but was killed by Hercules during one of his twelve labors.	AAAAAA==
215421	Anzu	An evil deity of Mesopotamian folklore with an eagle's body and lion's head. While the god Enlil purified himself	 Anzu stole the Tablets of Destiny from him.	AAAAAA==
215431	Sui-Ki	One of the four oni controlled by Fujiwara no Chikata	 it can cause floods with the swing of its arms. In the Taiheiki	 Ki no Tomoo expelled the oni by reading a Japanese poem.	AAAAAA==
215432	Nigi Mitama	One of the four aspects of Shinto thought	 it works gently to help maintain a calm mind. It is said to aid in one's relations and sociability	 and can lead one in a positive direction.	AAAAAA==
215441	Kin-Ki	One of the four oni controlled by Fujiwara no Chikata	 its body is so hard that no weapons can penetrate it. It and its comrades fell into hell through holes that can still be found in modern Iga.	AAAAAA==
215442	Lamia	A half-human	 half-snake female monster of Greek myth	 she was once the queen of Libya. Zeus's jealous wife	 Hera	 killed her children	 causing her to go mad and transform into a monster.	AAAAAA==
215451	Ara Mitama	One of the four aspects of Shinto thought	 it has the power to grant ferocity. It is said to aid in one's bravery	 growth	 and endeavors	 though it can lead in a negative direction.	AAAAAA==
215452	Nigi Mitama	One of the four aspects of Shinto thought	 it works gently to help maintain a calm mind. It is said to aid in one's relations and sociability	 and can lead one in a positive direction.	AAAAAA==
215461	Lamia	A half-human	 half-snake female monster of Greek myth	 she was once the queen of Libya. Zeus's jealous wife	 Hera	 killed her children	 causing her to go mad and transform into a monster.	AAAAAA==
216041	Ippon-Datara	A one-eyed	 one-legged monster said to live deep in the mountains of Kumano	 Japan. It's believed to be the degraded blacksmith god	 Ame no Me-Hitotsu no Kami.	AAAAAA==
216042	Shiisaa	A holy beast said to protect houses from evil and bring good fortune. They look similar to Shinto guardian dogs	 but are actually modeled after a lion. There are many stories about it in Ryukyu lore.	AAAAAA==
216043	Shiisaa	A holy beast said to protect houses from evil and bring good fortune. They look similar to Shinto guardian dogs	 but are actually modeled after a lion. There are many stories about it in Ryukyu lore.	AAAAAA==
216051	Phoenix	The legendary bird of Chinese myth	 said to appear only in times of peace. It is the ruler of all birds. When it dies	 birds across the land chirp with sadness.	AAAAAA==
216052	Orthrus	The two-headed pet dog belonging to the giant Geryon of Greek myth. He guarded a herd of red oxen but was killed by Hercules during one of his twelve labors.	AAAAAA==
216053	Orthrus	The two-headed pet dog belonging to the giant Geryon of Greek myth. He guarded a herd of red oxen but was killed by Hercules during one of his twelve labors.	AAAAAA==
212381	Zouchouten	Also known as Virudhaka	 he is the protector of the South	 and is one of the four Heavenly Kings of Buddhist origin. He is the god of the five grains	 and was once the chief of the gods.	AAAAAA==
212382	Jikokuten	Also known as Dhritarashtra	 he is the protector of the East	 and is one of the four Heavenly Kings of Buddhist origin. He helps maintain the security of the nation.	AAAAAA==
216071	Fuu-Ki	One of the four oni controlled by Fujiwara no Chikata	 it sends hurricanes to blow away its enemies. Some say that Fuu-Ki is the original ninja.	AAAAAA==
216072	Sui-Ki	One of the four oni controlled by Fujiwara no Chikata	 it can cause floods with the swing of its arms. In the Taiheiki	 Ki no Tomoo expelled the oni by reading a Japanese poem.	AAAAAA==
216073	Anzu	An evil deity of Mesopotamian folklore with an eagle's body and lion's head. While the god Enlil purified himself	 Anzu stole the Tablets of Destiny from him.	AAAAAA==
216074	Anzu	An evil deity of Mesopotamian folklore with an eagle's body and lion's head. While the god Enlil purified himself	 Anzu stole the Tablets of Destiny from him.	AAAAAA==
216081	Orthrus	The two-headed pet dog belonging to the giant Geryon of Greek myth. He guarded a herd of red oxen but was killed by Hercules during one of his twelve labors.	AAAAAA==
216082	Shiisaa	A holy beast said to protect houses from evil and bring good fortune. They look similar to Shinto guardian dogs	 but are actually modeled after a lion. There are many stories about it in Ryukyu lore.	AAAAAA==
216083	Makami	A divine wolf god in Japanese folklore	 also written as "Oguchi-no-Magami." It is often drawn on prayer boards to prevent fires and thefts	 but it is also feared as a human-eater.	AAAAAA==
216084	Sudama	A spirit of rivers and mountains in Japanese lore	 it dwells in ancient trees and ageless rocks. They are not evil	 and will often appear as humans or supernatural wonders to warn people.	AAAAAA==
216091	Shiki-Ouji	An exceptionally powerful shikigami. Only the most elite onmyoji are able to summon and bind it to paper. It can ward off disaster or cure illness	 but its ordinary temperament is quite vicious.	AAAAAA==
216092	Koppa Tengu	A type of tengu. Their spiritual power is weaker than other tengu	 so they are much smaller. They are said to be the reincarnations of long-lived wolves.	AAAAAA==
216093	Koppa Tengu	A type of tengu. Their spiritual power is weaker than other tengu	 so they are much smaller. They are said to be the reincarnations of long-lived wolves.	AAAAAA==
216101	Anzu	An evil deity of Mesopotamian folklore with an eagle's body and lion's head. While the god Enlil purified himself	 Anzu stole the Tablets of Destiny from him.	AAAAAA==
216102	Anzu	An evil deity of Mesopotamian folklore with an eagle's body and lion's head. While the god Enlil purified himself	 Anzu stole the Tablets of Destiny from him.	AAAAAA==
216103	Ippon-Datara	A one-eyed	 one-legged monster said to live deep in the mountains of Kumano	 Japan. It's believed to be the degraded blacksmith god	 Ame no Me-Hitotsu no Kami.	AAAAAA==
216104	Ippon-Datara	A one-eyed	 one-legged monster said to live deep in the mountains of Kumano	 Japan. It's believed to be the degraded blacksmith god	 Ame no Me-Hitotsu no Kami.	AAAAAA==
216111	Fuu-Ki	One of the four oni controlled by Fujiwara no Chikata	 it sends hurricanes to blow away its enemies. Some say that Fuu-Ki is the original ninja.	AAAAAA==
216112	Fuu-Ki	One of the four oni controlled by Fujiwara no Chikata	 it sends hurricanes to blow away its enemies. Some say that Fuu-Ki is the original ninja.	AAAAAA==
216121	Lamia	A half-human	 half-snake female monster of Greek myth	 she was once the queen of Libya. Zeus's jealous wife	 Hera	 killed her children	 causing her to go mad and transform into a monster.	AAAAAA==
216122	Orthrus	The two-headed pet dog belonging to the giant Geryon of Greek myth. He guarded a herd of red oxen but was killed by Hercules during one of his twelve labors.	AAAAAA==
216123	Orthrus	The two-headed pet dog belonging to the giant Geryon of Greek myth. He guarded a herd of red oxen but was killed by Hercules during one of his twelve labors.	AAAAAA==
216131	Kin-Ki	One of the four oni controlled by Fujiwara no Chikata	 its body is so hard that no weapons can penetrate it. It and its comrades fell into hell through holes that can still be found in modern Iga.	AAAAAA==
216132	Fuu-Ki	One of the four oni controlled by Fujiwara no Chikata	 it sends hurricanes to blow away its enemies. Some say that Fuu-Ki is the original ninja.	AAAAAA==
216133	Ara Mitama	One of the four aspects of Shinto thought	 it has the power to grant ferocity. It is said to aid in one's bravery	 growth	 and endeavors	 though it can lead in a negative direction.	AAAAAA==
216134	Ara Mitama	One of the four aspects of Shinto thought	 it has the power to grant ferocity. It is said to aid in one's bravery	 growth	 and endeavors	 though it can lead in a negative direction.	AAAAAA==
216141	Kin-Ki	One of the four oni controlled by Fujiwara no Chikata	 its body is so hard that no weapons can penetrate it. It and its comrades fell into hell through holes that can still be found in modern Iga.	AAAAAA==
216142	Ippon-Datara	A one-eyed	 one-legged monster said to live deep in the mountains of Kumano	 Japan. It's believed to be the degraded blacksmith god	 Ame no Me-Hitotsu no Kami.	AAAAAA==
216143	Ippon-Datara	A one-eyed	 one-legged monster said to live deep in the mountains of Kumano	 Japan. It's believed to be the degraded blacksmith god	 Ame no Me-Hitotsu no Kami.	AAAAAA==
203811	Nue	A creature of Japanese lore with a monkey's head	 tiger's legs	 and snake's tail. The Tale of Heike says it hid behind a dark cloud each night to attack the Emperor.	When Nue acts	 Nue and other Shadows will gain one of the following random buffs for 1 turn:
<color=#72C5FF>Monkey Mask</color>: At the end of turn	 restore a set amount of HP. When inflicted with an elemental ailment	 cure it.
<color=#72C5FF>Tanuki Form</color>: Gain an 80% chance to dodge. When inflicted with a spiritual ailment	 cure it.
<color=#72C5FF>Tiger Claws</color>: Greatly increase damage.
<color=#72C5FF>Snake Tail</color>: Inflict Poison when dealing damage.
203812	Orobas	One of the 72 demons of the Goetia. Known as the Prince of Hell	 he appears as a horse and answers questions of the past	 present	 and future. He is faithful to his conjurer.	AAAAAA==
203813	Jack Frost	A winter fairy of European descent. He leaves ice patterns on windows and nips people's noses. Though normally an innocent creature	 he will freeze his victims to death if provoked.	AAAAAA==
203814	Angel	Ninth of the nineorders of angels.They are closest in nature to humans.They watch over individuals and warn those who stray from the path.	AAAAAA==
203831	Nue	A creature of Japanese lore with a monkey's head	 tiger's legs	 and snake's tail. The Tale of Heike says it hid behind a dark cloud each night to attack the Emperor.	At the start of battle	 Nue gains all 5 of the following buffs for 3 turns.
<color=#72C5FF>Monkey Mask</color>: At the end of turn	 restore a set amount of HP. When inflicted with an elemental ailment	 cure it.
<color=#72C5FF>Tanuki Form</color>: Gain an 80% chance to dodge. When inflicted with an spiritual ailment	 cure it.
<color=#72C5FF>Tiger Claws</color>: Greatly increase damage.
<color=#72C5FF>Snake Tail</color>: Inflict Poison when dealing damage.
<color=#72C5FF>Nue's Power</color>: Greatly increase Attack and Defense.
203851	Nue	A creature of Japanese lore with a monkey's head	 tiger's legs	 and snake's tail. The Tale of Heike says it hid behind a dark cloud each night to attack the Emperor.	1. At the start of battle	 Nue gains the following 4 buffs for 3 turns.
<color=#72C5FF>Monkey Mask</color>: At the end of turn	 restore a set amount of HP.
<color=#72C5FF>Tanuki Form</color>: Gain an 80% chance to dodge.
<color=#72C5FF>Tiger Claws</color>: Greatly increase damage.
<color=#72C5FF>Snake Tail</color>: Inflict Poison when dealing damage.
2. When the Shadows Monkey Spirit	 Tanuki Spirit	 Tiger Spirit	 and/or Snake Spirit are defeated	 their corresponding buff will be removed from Nue.
3. When all 4 buffs have been removed	 Nue will become Weakened.
203852	Monkey Spirit	-	When defeated	 Nue loses Monkey Mask.
203853	Tanuki Spirit	-	When defeated	 Nue loses Tanuki Form.
203854	Tiger Spirit	-	When defeated	 Nue loses Tiger Claws.
203855	Snake Spirit	-	When defeated	 Nue loses Snake Tail.
211511	Oni	An evil monster from Japanese lore known for its hideous visage and brute strength. They loot and plunder villages	 massacring the townspeople with their iron clubs. They have horns on their heads	 red skin	 long claws	 and razor-sharp teeth.	1. Oni always has <color=#72C5FF>Absolute Counter</color>. Whenever it takes damage	 it will counterattack	 dealing single-target Physical damage to the attacker.
2. Whenever Oni counterattacks	 a count is added	 and when the count reaches 4	 it activates Hyakki Yagyo	 dealing heavy damage to all Phantom Thieves.
3. On each of Oni's turns	 1 Phantom Thief gains <color=#72C5FF>Oni Slayer</color>. A Phantom Thief in this state will not activate Oni's Absolute Counter for 1 turn.
4. When Obariyon is defeated	 all Phantom Thieves gain <color=#72C5FF>Oni Slayer</color> for 1 turn.
211512	Obariyon	A "piggyback monster" of Japan that jumps on the backs of those who pass grassy paths. It is heavy and not easily removed	 but will turn into gold coins if you can carry it back home.	AAAAAA==
211513	Obariyon	A "piggyback monster" of Japan that jumps on the backs of those who pass grassy paths. It is heavy and not easily removed	 but will turn into gold coins if you can carry it back home.	AAAAAA==
211531	Oni	An evil monster from Japanese lore known for its hideous visage and brute strength. They loot and plunder villages	 massacring the townspeople with their iron clubs. They have horns on their heads	 red skin	 long claws	 and razor-sharp teeth.	1. Every 2 turns	 Oni will gain <color=#72C5FF>Absolute Counter</color> for 1 turn. Whenever it takes damage	 it will counterattack	 dealing single-target Physical damage to the attacker.
2. Whenever Oni counterattacks	 a count is added	 and when the count reaches 4	 it activates Hyakki Yagyo	 dealing heavy damage to all Phantom Thieves.
211532	Koppa Tengu	A type of tengu. Their spiritual power is weaker than other tengu	 so they are much smaller. They are said to be the reincarnations of long-lived wolves.	AAAAAA==
211533	Koppa Tengu	A type of tengu. Their spiritual power is weaker than other tengu	 so they are much smaller. They are said to be the reincarnations of long-lived wolves.	AAAAAA==
211551	Oni	An evil monster from Japanese lore known for its hideous visage and brute strength. They loot and plunder villages	 massacring the townspeople with their iron clubs. They have horns on their heads	 red skin	 long claws	 and razor-sharp teeth.	1. Each turn	 Oni will alternate between <color=#72C5FF>Physical Counter</color> and <color=#72C5FF>Magic Counter</color>. Whenever it takes damage of the corresponding attribute	 it will counterattack	 dealing single-target Physical damage to the attacker.
2. Whenever Oni counterattacks	 a count is added	 and when the count reaches 4	 it activates Hyakki Yagyo	 dealing heavy damage to all Phantom Thieves.
211552	Oni	An evil monster from Japanese lore known for its hideous visage and brute strength. They loot and plunder villages	 massacring the townspeople with their iron clubs. They have horns on their heads	 red skin	 long claws	 and razor-sharp teeth.	1. Each turn	 Oni will alternate between <color=#FF423F>Physical Counter</color> and <color=#FF423F>Magic Counter</color>. Whenever it takes damage of the corresponding attribute	 it will counterattack	 dealing single-target Physical damage to the attacker.
2. Whenever Oni counterattacks	 a count is added	 and when the count reaches 4	 it activates Hyakki Yagyo	 dealing heavy damage to all Phantom Thieves.
211571	Shiki-Ouji	An exceptionally powerful shikigami. Only the most elite onmyoji are able to summon and bind it to paper. It can ward off disaster or cure illness	 but its ordinary temperament is quite vicious.	1. Shiki-Ouji's initial affinity to all attributes is Normal.
2. Each time it receives damage from an attribute	 <color=#FF423F>Shiki-Ouji's affinity to that attribute permanently becomes Null</color>. Each time Shiki-Ouji's affinity changes	 as a <color=#72C5FF>Side Effect</color>	 its damage taken is also permanently increased by 30%.
3. When Koropokguru is defeated	 all of Shiki-Ouji's affinities are reset	 and it loses all Side Effects.
211572	Koropokguru	Small human-like creatures that have kind	 calm personalities. Once coexisting with the Ainu people of Japan	 there was a falling out at some point	 and they disappeared.	When Koropokguru is defeated	 all of Shiki-Ouji's affinities are reset	 and it loses all Side Effects.
211573	Koropokguru	Small human-like creatures that have kind	 calm personalities. Once coexisting with the Ainu people of Japan	 there was a falling out at some point	 and they disappeared.	When Koropokguru is defeated	 all of Shiki-Ouji's affinities are reset	 and it loses all Side Effects.
211591	Shiki-Ouji	An exceptionally powerful shikigami. Only the most elite onmyoji are able to summon and bind it to paper. It can ward off disaster or cure illness	 but its ordinary temperament is quite vicious.	1. Shiki-Ouji's initial affinity to each attribute is Normal. Each turn	 Shiki-Ouji <color=#FF423F>randomly changes 5 affinities to Null</color> for 1 turn.
2. At the end of Shiki-Ouji's turn	 it gains 3 Woe stacks. Each stack increases its damage by 50%. Each time Shiki-Ouji takes damage	 it loses 1 stack.
3. If Shiki-Ouji has Woe at the start of its turn	 it changes to Disaster. When it has 3 Disaster stacks	 it automatically activates Karma	 dealing heavy damage to all Phantom Thieves.
211611	Shiki-Ouji	An exceptionally powerful shikigami. Only the most elite onmyoji are able to summon and bind it to paper. It can ward off disaster or cure illness	 but its ordinary temperament is quite vicious.	1. Shiki-Ouji's initial affinity to each attribute is Null.
2. Each time Mokoi takes damage	 <color=#FF423F>Shiki-Ouji's affinity to a random attribute becomes Normal</color>. Shiki-Ouji can have up to 1 affinity set to Normal.
3. When Shiki-Ouji takes damage	 its affinity to that attribute permanently becomes Null. Shiki-Ouji also receives a <color=#72C5FF>Side Effect</color> from the affinity change	 permanently increasing its damage taken by 30%.
211612	Mokoi	Evil spirits of Murngin lore believed to be reborn shadows. They kidnap and eat children	 and strike down any sorcerer who uses black magic.	Each time Mokoi takes damage	 Shiki-Ouji's <color=#FF423F>affinity to a random attribute becomes Normal</color>. Shiki-Ouji can have a maximum of 1 affinity set to Normal.
218121	Koumokuten	Also known as Virupaksha	 he is the protector of the West	 and is one of the four Heavenly Kings of Buddhist origin. He keeps a close watch on the world with his sharp gaze.	AAAAAA==
218122	Inugami	A dog spirit said to possess people in Japanese lore. Those possessed are in a state of "inu-tsuki" and lose consciousness. Onmyoji use Inugami as familiars.	AAAAAA==
218123	Inugami	A dog spirit said to possess people in Japanese lore. Those possessed are in a state of "inu-tsuki" and lose consciousness. Onmyoji use Inugami as familiars.	AAAAAA==
218131	Koumokuten	Also known as Virupaksha	 he is the protector of the West	 and is one of the four Heavenly Kings of Buddhist origin. He keeps a close watch on the world with his sharp gaze.	AAAAAA==
218132	Zouchouten	Japanese goddess of entertainment	 she governs many sacred dances. She is most famous for luring out Amaterasu	 who had barricaded herself inside a cave.	AAAAAA==
218141	Koumokuten	Also known as Virupaksha	 he is the protector of the West	 and is one of the four Heavenly Kings of Buddhist origin. He keeps a close watch on the world with his sharp gaze.	AAAAAA==
218142	Sui-Ki	One of the four oni controlled by Fujiwara no Chikata	 it can cause floods with the swing of its arms. In the Taiheiki	 Ki no Tomoo expelled the oni by reading a Japanese poem.	AAAAAA==
218091	Jikokuten	Also known as Dhritarashtra	 he is the protector of the East	 and is one of the four Heavenly Kings of Buddhist origin. He helps maintain the security of the nation.	1. Jikokuten starts the battle with 10 Down Points. Every 2 turns	 it activates Sword that Defends the Nation	 granting itself 10 Down Points	 and granting 1 Down Point to all Shadows. When Jikokuten's Down Points reach 36	 it transforms into <color=#FF423F>Asura</color>	 greatly enhancing its abilities.
2. Jikokuten constantly summons various Shadows. When a Shadow is defeated	 Jikokuten's Down Points are reduced by 3.
3. Victory can be achieved by reducing Jikokuten's Down Points to 0	 or by defeating it.
218092	Koppa Tengu	A type of tengu. Their spiritual power is weaker than other tengu	 so they are much smaller. They are said to be the reincarnations of long-lived wolves.	AAAAAA==
218093	Anzu	An evil deity of Mesopotamian folklore with an eagle's body and lion's head. While the god Enlil purified himself	 Anzu stole the Tablets of Destiny from him.	AAAAAA==
218094	Makami	A divine wolf god in Japanese folklore	 also written as "Oguchi-no-Magami." It is often drawn on prayer boards to prevent fires and thefts	 but it is also feared as a human-eater.	AAAAAA==
218095	Shiisaa	A holy beast said to protect houses from evil and bring good fortune. They look similar to Shinto guardian dogs	 but are actually modeled after a lion. There are many stories about it in Ryukyu lore.	AAAAAA==
218096	Jack Frost	A winter fairy of European descent. He leaves ice patterns on windows and nips people's noses. Though normally an innocent creature	 he will freeze his victims to death if provoked.	AAAAAA==
218097	Asura	The Hindu king of Asuras is named Maha Vairocana	 or "One Who Shines On All." In Buddhism	 he is known as Dainichi Nyorai.	AAAAAA==
218101	Jikokuten	Also known as Dhritarashtra	 he is the protector of the East	 and is one of the four Heavenly Kings of Buddhist origin. He helps maintain the security of the nation.	1. Jikokuten starts the battle with 20 Down Points	 and gains 4 Down Points every turn. When Jikokuten's Down Points reach 36	 it transforms into <color=#FF423F>Asura</color>	 greatly increasing its stats.
2. Jikokuten summons 4 Mitama every 3 turns. The Mitama will flee after 1 turn. When a Mitama is defeated	 Jikokuten's Down Points are reduced by 3	 and one of its affinities becomes Weak for 3 turns: Fire	 Ice	 Electric	 or Wind.
3. Victory can be achieved by reducing Jikokuten's Down Points to 0	 or by defeating it.
218102	Saki Mitama	One of the four aspects of Shinto thought	 it brings great bounty from the hunt. It is said to aid in love	 profit	 and growth	 and can create new paths.	AAAAAA==
218103	Nigi Mitama	One of the four aspects of Shinto thought	 it works gently to help maintain a calm mind. It is said to aid in one's relations and sociability	 and can lead one in a positive direction.	AAAAAA==
218104	Kushi Mitama	One of the four aspects of Shinto thought	 it uses its power to bring blessings related to healing illnesses and staying healthy. It is said to have supernatural powers and cause mysterious events.	AAAAAA==
218105	Ara Mitama	One of the four aspects of Shinto thought	 it has the power to grant ferocity. It is said to aid in one's bravery	 growth	 and endeavors	 though it can lead in a negative direction.	AAAAAA==
218111	Jikokuten	Also known as Dhritarashtra	 he is the protector of the East	 and is one of the four Heavenly Kings of Buddhist origin. He helps maintain the security of the nation.	1. Jikokuten starts the battle with 30 Down Points	 all affinities set to Null	 and gains 3 more Down Points every turn. When Jikokuten's Down Points reach 36	 it transforms into <color=#FF423F>Asura</color>	 greatly increasing its stats.
2. At the start of battle	 Jikokuten spends 6 Down Points to summon Jikokuten's Spirit.
3. Jikokuten's Spirit has 4 Down Points. Each turn	 4 of its weaknesses change. If it is knocked down or defeated	 it becomes Crushed Spirit; Jikokuten loses 10 Down Points	 and all its affinities change to weaknesses (excluding Physical and Gun). Jikokuten then resummons Jikokuten's Spirit.
4. Victory can be achieved once Jikokuten's Down Points reach 0	 or it is defeated.
218112	Jikokuten's Spirit	-	Jikokuten's spirit. Defeating it will weaken him.
218191	Kikuri-Hime	The goddess of life in Shinto myth. She once mediated between Izanagi and Izanami during their confrontation in Yomi	 the land of the dead.	Each turn	 Kikuri-Hime will use a random Arbiter's Power on the Phantom Thieves	 preventing them from taking certain actions.
If the Phantom Thieves defy the arbitration	 they gain 1 Seal of Mortality	 and if they gain 2 seals	 they are KO'd.
Arbitration - Survival: Healing and Defense skills or Highlights must not be used.
Arbitration - Attack: Attack skills or Highlights must not be used.
Arbitration - Support: Buff and Debuff skills or Highlights must not be used.
If all Phantom Thieves obey the arbitration	 Kikuri-Hime will grant all Phantom Thieves a damage increase effect.
218192	Kin-Ki	One of the four oni controlled by Fujiwara no Chikata	 its body is so hard that no weapons can penetrate it. It and its comrades fell into hell through holes that can still be found in modern Iga.	AAAAAA==
218201	Kikuri-Hime	The goddess of life in Shinto myth. She once mediated between Izanagi and Izanami during their confrontation in Yomi	 the land of the dead.	At the start of the battle	 Kikuri-Hime activates Border of Life and Death	 greatly reducing the HP of all Phantom Thieves and activating Arbitration - Survival for 2 turns.
Afterwards	 it activates Arbitration - Attack and Arbitration - Support for all Phantom Thieves. In addition	 every 2 turns	 Kikuri-Hime will use a random Arbiter's Power on the Phantom Thieves	 preventing them from taking certain actions.
If the Phantom Thieves defy the arbitration	 they gain 1 Seal of Mortality	 and if they gain 2 seals	 they are KO'd.
Arbitration - Survival: Healing and Defense skills or Highlights must not be used.
Arbitration - Attack: Attack skills or Highlights must not be used.
Arbitration - Support: Buff and Debuff skills or Highlights must not be used.
If all Phantom Thieves obey the arbitration	 Kikuri-Hime will grant all Phantom Thieves a damage increase effect.
218202	Sui-Ki	One of the four oni controlled by Fujiwara no Chikata	 it can cause floods with the swing of its arms. In the Taiheiki	 Ki no Tomoo expelled the oni by reading a Japanese poem.	AAAAAA==
218211	Kikuri-Hime	The goddess of life in Shinto myth. She once mediated between Izanagi and Izanami during their confrontation in Yomi	 the land of the dead.	Every 3 turns	 Kikuri-Hime will activate Bond of Death	 randomly KO'ing 1 Phantom Thief. It also uses a random Arbiter's Power on the other Phantom Thieves	 preventing them from taking certain actions.
If the Phantom Thieves defy the arbitration	 they gain 1 Seal of Mortality	 and if they gain 2 seals	 they are KO'd.
Arbitration - Survival: Healing and Defense skills or Highlights must not be used.
Arbitration - Attack: Attack skills or Highlights must not be used.
Arbitration - Support: Buff and Debuff skills or Highlights must not be used.
If all Phantom Thieves obey the arbitration	 Kikuri-Hime will revive the KO'd Phantom Thief.
218212	Orthrus	The two-headed pet dog belonging to the giant Geryon of Greek myth. He guarded a herd of red oxen but was killed by Hercules during one of his twelve labors.	AAAAAA==
218151	Zouchouten	Also known as Virudhaka	 he is the protector of the South	 and is one of the four Heavenly Kings of Buddhist origin. He is the god of the five grains	 and was once the chief of the gods.	1. Zouchouten has Growth of all Things	 and each turn grants Growth to 1 Shadow.
2. If Jack Frost receives Growth	 it becomes King Frost. If King Frost receives Growth	 it becomes Black Frost	 and summons 1 Jack-o'-Lantern. When Jack-o'-Lantern is defeated	 Black Frost reverts to Jack Frost.
218152	Jack Frost	A winter fairy of European descent. He leaves ice patterns on windows and nips people's noses. Though normally an innocent creature	 he will freeze his victims to death if provoked.	AAAAAA==
218153	King Frost	The king of snow who rules over an infinite number of Jack Frosts. He has the power to freeze the entire world	 but is unaware of it due to his naïve personality.	AAAAAA==
218154	Black Frost	A Jack Frost that yearned for evil. This powerful demon is born when a cute Jack Frost remembers its demonic nature.	AAAAAA==
218155	Jack-o'-Lantern	A drunkard who tricked the Devil out of taking him to Hell. When refused entry to Heaven	 he was forced to wander the earth with only an ember as a light.	AAAAAA==
218161	Zouchouten	Also known as Virudhaka	 he is the protector of the South	 and is one of the four Heavenly Kings of Buddhist origin. He is the god of the five grains	 and was once the chief of the gods.	1. Zouchouten has Growth of all Things	 which grants Growth to 2 random Shadows each turn. Each Growth stack increases Attack by 30%.
2. Zouchouten will absorb Growth from the Shadows every 3 turns. When it reaches 4 Growth stacks	 it will unleash a powerful attack.
3. When a Shadow with Growth is defeated	 its Growth stacks disappear.
218162	Saki Mitama	One of the four aspects of Shinto thought	 it brings great bounty from the hunt. It is said to aid in love	 profit	 and growth	 and can create new paths.	AAAAAA==
218163	Nigi Mitama	One of the four aspects of Shinto thought	 it works gently to help maintain a calm mind. It is said to aid in one's relations and sociability	 and can lead one in a positive direction.	AAAAAA==
218164	Kushi Mitama	One of the four aspects of Shinto thought	 it uses its power to bring blessings related to healing illnesses and staying healthy. It is said to have supernatural powers and cause mysterious events.	AAAAAA==
218165	Ara Mitama	One of the four aspects of Shinto thought	 it has the power to grant ferocity. It is said to aid in one's bravery	 growth	 and endeavors	 though it can lead in a negative direction.	AAAAAA==
218171	Zouchouten	Also known as Virudhaka	 he is the protector of the South	 and is one of the four Heavenly Kings of Buddhist origin. He is the god of the five grains	 and was once the chief of the gods.	1. Zouchouten has Growth of all Things	 and every turn grants Growth to 1 random Shadow and 1 random Phantom Thief. Each Growth stack increases damage dealt by 30%	 but also increases damage taken by 30%.
2. When a target with Growth is defeated	 the attacker takes their Growth stacks.
218172	Kin-Ki	One of the four oni controlled by Fujiwara no Chikata	 its body is so hard that no weapons can penetrate it. It and its comrades fell into hell through holes that can still be found in modern Iga.	AAAAAA==
218173	Sui-Ki	One of the four oni controlled by Fujiwara no Chikata	 it can cause floods with the swing of its arms. In the Taiheiki	 Ki no Tomoo expelled the oni by reading a Japanese poem.	AAAAAA==
218174	Fuu-Ki	One of the four oni controlled by Fujiwara no Chikata	 it sends hurricanes to blow away its enemies. Some say that Fuu-ki is the original ninja.	AAAAAA==
218181	Zouchouten	Also known as Virudhaka	 he is the protector of the South	 and is one of the four Heavenly Kings of Buddhist origin. He is the god of the five grains	 and was once the chief of the gods.	1. Zouchouten has Growth of all Things. It starts with 10 Growth stacks	 and each turn gains 5-8 Growth stacks	 up to a maximum of 30.
2. When Zouchouten takes damage	 it loses 1 Growth stack. If its Growth stacks fall below 8	 it immediately grants itself 10 Growth stacks.
3. After 4 turns	 or when Growth has reached 20 stacks	 it transforms into <color=#FF423F>Asura</color>	 greatly increasing its stats.
218182	Asura	The Hindu king of Asuras is named Maha Vairocana	 or "One Who Shines On All." In Buddhism	 he is known as Dainichi Nyorai.	AAAAAA==
218221	Arahabaki	A mysterious god of ancient Japan. Most famously worshipped by Nagasunehiko	 who was defeated in battle against Emperor Jinmu	 Arahabaki came to be treated as a symbol of rebellion and defiance.	1. Arahabaki summons a variety of Dogu. When Dogu are on the field	 Arahabaki is granted various effects.
2. At the start of Arahabaki's turn	 Arahabaki's Progress increases for each Dogu on the field. When Progress reaches 10	 Arahabaki activates Abyssal Gaze and inflicts all Phantom Thieves with <color=#FF423F>Despair</color>.
3. At the start of the battle or when its HP falls below 50%	 Arahabaki summons 1 of each of the 4 types of Dogu.
Weakness Dogu: Protects Arahabaki's weakness. When defeated	 several of Arahabaki's affinities change to Weak.
SP Dogu: Causes the Phantom Thieves to lose SP each turn. When defeated	 the Phantom Thieves regain SP.
HP Dogu: Restores Arahabkaki's HP each turn. When defeated	 the Phantom Thieves regain HP.
Progress Dogu: Increases Arahabaki's Progress each turn. When defeated	 Arahabaki's Progress decreases.
218222	Weakness Dogu	-	Protects Arahabaki's weakness. When defeated	 several of Arahabaki's affinities change to Weak.
218223	SP Dogu	-	Causes the Phantom Thieves to lose SP each turn. When defeated	 the Phantom Thieves regain SP.
218224	HP Dogu	-	Restores Arahabkaki's HP each turn. When defeated	 the Phantom Thieves regain HP.
218225	Progress Dogu	-	Increases Arahabaki's Progress each turn. When defeated	 Arahabaki's Progress decreases.
218231	Arahabaki	A mysterious god of ancient Japan. Most famously worshipped by Nagasunehiko	 who was defeated in battle against Emperor Jinmu	 Arahabaki came to be treated as a symbol of rebellion and defiance.	1. Arahabaki summons a variety of Dogu. When Dogu are on the field	 Arahabaki is granted various effects.
2. At the start of Arahabaki's turn	 Arahabaki's Progress increases for each Dogu on the field. When Progress reaches 10	 Arahabaki activates Abyssal Gaze and inflicts all Phantom Thieves with <color=#FF423F>Despair</color>.
3. Each turn	 Arahabaki summons 1 random Dogu which remains on the field for 2 turns. When Arahabaki's HP falls below 50% the first time	 it summons 1 more Dogu.
Weakness Dogu: Protects Arahabaki's weakness. When defeated	 several of Arahabaki's affinities change to Weak.
SP Dogu: Causes the Phantom Thieves to lose SP each turn. When defeated	 the Phantom Thieves regain SP.
HP Dogu: Restores Arahabkaki's HP each turn. When defeated	 the Phantom Thieves regain HP.
Progress Dogu: Increases Arahabaki's Progress each turn. When defeated	 Arahabaki's Progress decreases.
218232	Weakness Dogu	-	Protects Arahabaki's weakness. When defeated	 several of Arahabaki's affinities change to Weak.
218233	SP Dogu	-	Causes the Phantom Thieves to lose SP each turn. When defeated	 the Phantom Thieves regain SP.
218234	HP Dogu	-	Restores Arahabkaki's HP each turn. When defeated	 the Phantom Thieves regain HP.
218235	Progress Dogu	-	Increases Arahabaki's Progress each turn. When defeated	 Arahabaki's Progress decreases.
218241	Arahabaki	A mysterious god of ancient Japan. Most famously worshipped by Nagasunehiko	 who was defeated in battle against Emperor Jinmu	 Arahabaki came to be treated as a symbol of rebellion and defiance.	1. Arahabaki summons a variety of Dogu. When Dogu are on the field	 Arahabaki is granted various effects.
2. At the start of Arahabaki's turn	 Arahabaki's Progress increases for each Dogu on the field. When Progress reaches 10	 Arahabaki activates Abyssal Gaze and inflicts all Phantom Thieves with <color=#ff3b37>Despair</color>.
3. There is always a Metamorphosis Dogu on the field. This Dogu cannot be attacked	 and will change to a different type of Dogu every turn with the corresponding effects.
4. When Arahabaki's HP falls below 50% the first time	 it summons 1 additional Metamorphosis Dogu.
Weakness Dogu: Protects Arahabaki's weakness.
SP Dogu: Causes the Phantom Thieves to lose SP each turn.
HP Dogu: Restores Arahabkaki's HP each turn.
Progress Dogu: Increases Arahabaki's Progress each turn.
218242	Metamorphosis Dogu	-	Each turn	 this Dogu will change to a different type at random and activate its special skill.
Weakness Dogu: Protects Arahabaki's weakness.
SP Dogu: Causes the Phantom Thieves to lose SP each turn.
HP Dogu: Restores Arahabkaki's HP each turn.
Progress Dogu: Increases Arahabaki's Progress each turn.
219011	Shadow Miyazawa	Hiromu Miyazawa's form in the cognitive world. His appearance reflects his distorted desires.	AAAAAA==
219012	Shadow Miyazawa	Hiromu Miyazawa's form in the cognitive world. His appearance reflects his distorted desires.	AAAAAA==
219021	Shadow Miyazawa	Hiromu Miyazawa's form in the cognitive world. His appearance reflects his distorted desires.	AAAAAA==
219013	Hiromu "Aegipan" Miyazawa	Shadow Miyazawa completely distorted by desire. Having lost all sense of self	 he can no longer maintain a human form.	AAAAAA==
219014	Hiromu "Aegipan" Miyazawa	Shadow Miyazawa completely distorted by desire. Having lost all sense of self	 he can no longer maintain a human form.	AAAAAA==
219015	Hiromu "Aegipan" Miyazawa	Shadow Miyazawa completely distorted by desire. Having lost all sense of self	 he can no longer maintain a human form.	AAAAAA==
219022	Projector	A projector Shadow Miyazawa placed in the vicinity.	AAAAAA==
219016	Hiromu "Aegipan" Miyazawa	Shadow Miyazawa completely distorted by desire. Having lost all sense of self	 he can no longer maintain a human form.	AAAAAA==
219023	Sword of Vanity	A sword Shadow Miyazawa summoned.	AAAAAA==
219024	Sword of Vanity	A sword Shadow Miyazawa summoned.	AAAAAA==
220011	Rakshasa	A Hindu demon. He is an enemy of the gods and attacks humans to feed off of them. His hideous appearance strikes fear into those who see him. Rakshasa shape-shifts to deceive his enemies.	AAAAAA==
220012	Rakshasa	A Hindu demon. He is an enemy of the gods and attacks humans to feed off of them. His hideous appearance strikes fear into those who see him. Rakshasa shape-shifts to deceive his enemies.	AAAAAA==
220021	Naga	Half-snake	 half-human divine beings in Hindu lore	 worshipped as bringers of rain. They live in the bottoms of lakes and seas	 singing and dancing when they are not fighting.	AAAAAA==
220022	Naga	Half-snake	 half-human divine beings in Hindu lore	 worshipped as bringers of rain. They live in the bottoms of lakes and seas	 singing and dancing when they are not fighting.	AAAAAA==
220031	Flauros	One of the 72 demons of the Goetia. He appears as a leopard and can see the past and future. He can control fire and burn all his adversaries to death.	AAAAAA==
220041	Black Ooze	A mass of malevolent intent and emotion that failed to become a true demon. All it does is eat	 prey	 and grow.	AAAAAA==
220042	Black Ooze	A mass of malevolent intent and emotion that failed to become a true demon. All it does is eat	 prey	 and grow.	AAAAAA==
220043	Black Ooze	A mass of malevolent intent and emotion that failed to become a true demon. All it does is eat	 prey	 and grow.	AAAAAA==
220051	Clotho	The youngest of the three Moirae Sisters of Greek legend. She spins the threads of life with her spindle.	AAAAAA==
220052	Naga	Half-snake	 half-human divine beings in Hindu lore	 worshipped as bringers of rain. They live in the bottoms of lakes and seas	 singing and dancing when they are not fighting.	AAAAAA==
220053	Naga	Half-snake	 half-human divine beings in Hindu lore	 worshipped as bringers of rain. They live in the bottoms of lakes and seas	 singing and dancing when they are not fighting.	AAAAAA==
220061	Flauros	One of the 72 demons of the Goetia. He appears as a leopard and can see the past and future. He can control fire and burn all his adversaries to death.	AAAAAA==
220062	Rakshasa	A Hindu demon. He is an enemy of the gods and attacks humans to feed off of them. His hideous appearance strikes fear into those who see him. Rakshasa shape-shifts to deceive his enemies.	AAAAAA==
220063	Rakshasa	A Hindu demon. He is an enemy of the gods and attacks humans to feed off of them. His hideous appearance strikes fear into those who see him. Rakshasa shape-shifts to deceive his enemies.	AAAAAA==
220071	Flauros	One of the 72 demons of the Goetia. He appears as a leopard and can see the past and future. He can control fire and burn all his adversaries to death.	AAAAAA==
220072	Clotho	The youngest of the three Moirae Sisters of Greek legend. She spins the threads of life with her spindle.	AAAAAA==
220073	Clotho	The youngest of the three Moirae Sisters of Greek legend. She spins the threads of life with her spindle.	AAAAAA==
220081	Clotho	The youngest of the three Moirae Sisters of Greek legend. She spins the threads of life with her spindle.	AAAAAA==
220082	Rakshasa	A Hindu demon. He is an enemy of the gods and attacks humans to feed off of them. His hideous appearance strikes fear into those who see him. Rakshasa shape-shifts to deceive his enemies.	AAAAAA==
220083	Rakshasa	A Hindu demon. He is an enemy of the gods and attacks humans to feed off of them. His hideous appearance strikes fear into those who see him. Rakshasa shape-shifts to deceive his enemies.	AAAAAA==
220084	Naga	Half-snake	 half-human divine beings in Hindu lore	 worshipped as bringers of rain. They live in the bottoms of lakes and seas	 singing and dancing when they are not fighting.	AAAAAA==
220091	Clotho	The youngest of the three Moirae Sisters of Greek legend. She spins the threads of life with her spindle.	AAAAAA==
220092	Rakshasa	A Hindu demon. He is an enemy of the gods and attacks humans to feed off of them. His hideous appearance strikes fear into those who see him. Rakshasa shape-shifts to deceive his enemies.	AAAAAA==
220093	Rakshasa	A Hindu demon. He is an enemy of the gods and attacks humans to feed off of them. His hideous appearance strikes fear into those who see him. Rakshasa shape-shifts to deceive his enemies.	AAAAAA==
220101	Flauros	One of the 72 demons of the Goetia. He appears as a leopard and can see the past and future. He can control fire and burn all his adversaries to death.	AAAAAA==
220102	Flauros	One of the 72 demons of the Goetia. He appears as a leopard and can see the past and future. He can control fire and burn all his adversaries to death.	AAAAAA==
220111	Rakshasa	A Hindu demon. He is an enemy of the gods and attacks humans to feed off of them. His hideous appearance strikes fear into those who see him. Rakshasa shape-shifts to deceive his enemies.	AAAAAA==
220112	Rakshasa	A Hindu demon. He is an enemy of the gods and attacks humans to feed off of them. His hideous appearance strikes fear into those who see him. Rakshasa shape-shifts to deceive his enemies.	AAAAAA==
220113	Naga	Half-snake	 half-human divine beings in Hindu lore	 worshipped as bringers of rain. They live in the bottoms of lakes and seas	 singing and dancing when they are not fighting.	AAAAAA==
220121	Flauros	One of the 72 demons of the Goetia. He appears as a leopard and can see the past and future. He can control fire and burn all his adversaries to death.	AAAAAA==
220122	Black Ooze	A mass of malevolent intent and emotion that failed to become a true demon. All it does is eat	 prey	 and grow.	AAAAAA==
220123	Black Ooze	A mass of malevolent intent and emotion that failed to become a true demon. All it does is eat	 prey	 and grow.	AAAAAA==
220131	Isis	Osiris's wife as well as his younger sister. Upon the death of her husband	 she revived him with her incredible magic power. Isis is seen at many gravesites as the guardian goddess of the dead.	AAAAAA==
220132	Clotho	The youngest of the three Moirae Sisters of Greek legend. She spins the threads of life with her spindle.	AAAAAA==
220133	Clotho	The youngest of the three Moirae Sisters of Greek legend. She spins the threads of life with her spindle.	AAAAAA==
220141	Lilim	A demon who tempts sleeping men and attacks infants. She is the daughter of the demoness	 Lilith. Like her mother	 she drains men of their essence.	AAAAAA==
220142	Ara Mitama	One of the four aspects of Shinto thought	 it has the power to grant ferocity. It is said to aid in one's bravery	 growth	 and endeavors	 though it can lead in a negative direction.	AAAAAA==
220143	Lilim	A demon who tempts sleeping men and attacks infants. She is the daughter of the demoness	 Lilith. Like her mother	 she drains men of their essence.	AAAAAA==
220144	Ara Mitama	One of the four aspects of Shinto thought	 it has the power to grant ferocity. It is said to aid in one's bravery	 growth	 and endeavors	 though it can lead in a negative direction.	AAAAAA==
220151	Isis	Osiris's wife as well as his younger sister. Upon the death of her husband	 she revived him with her incredible magic power. Isis is seen at many gravesites as the guardian goddess of the dead.	AAAAAA==
220152	Ara Mitama	One of the four aspects of Shinto thought	 it has the power to grant ferocity. It is said to aid in one's bravery	 growth	 and endeavors	 though it can lead in a negative direction.	AAAAAA==
220153	Ara Mitama	One of the four aspects of Shinto thought	 it has the power to grant ferocity. It is said to aid in one's bravery	 growth	 and endeavors	 though it can lead in a negative direction.	AAAAAA==
220154	Ara Mitama	One of the four aspects of Shinto thought	 it has the power to grant ferocity. It is said to aid in one's bravery	 growth	 and endeavors	 though it can lead in a negative direction.	AAAAAA==
220161	Neko Shogun	A prophetic Taoist god	 originally known as Mao Shogun. Due to a linguistic error involving the Chinese word for "cat	 his name was changed to Neko Shogun.,AAAAAA==
220162,Ara Mitama,One of the four aspects of Shinto thought, it has the power to grant ferocity. It is said to aid in one's bravery, growth, and endeavors, though it can lead in a negative direction.,AAAAAA==
220163,Ara Mitama,One of the four aspects of Shinto thought, it has the power to grant ferocity. It is said to aid in one's bravery, growth, and endeavors, though it can lead in a negative direction.,AAAAAA==
220164,Black Ooze,A mass of malevolent intent and emotion that failed to become a true demon. All it does is eat, prey, and grow.,AAAAAA==
220171,Isis,Osiris's wife as well as his younger sister. Upon the death of her husband, she revived him with her incredible magic power. Isis is seen at many gravesites as the guardian goddess of the dead.,AAAAAA==
220172,Clotho,The youngest of the three Moirae Sisters of Greek legend. She spins the threads of life with her spindle.,AAAAAA==
220173,Lilim,A demon who tempts sleeping men and attacks infants. She is the daughter of the demoness, Lilith. Like her mother, she drains men of their essence.,AAAAAA==
220174,Lilim,A demon who tempts sleeping men and attacks infants. She is the daughter of the demoness, Lilith. Like her mother, she drains men of their essence.,AAAAAA==
220181,Neko Shogun,A prophetic Taoist god, originally known as Mao Shogun. Due to a linguistic error involving the Chinese word for cat	 his name was changed to Neko Shogun.,AAAAAA==
220182,Ara Mitama,One of the four aspects of Shinto thought, it has the power to grant ferocity. It is said to aid in one's bravery, growth, and endeavors, though it can lead in a negative direction.,AAAAAA==
220183,Ara Mitama,One of the four aspects of Shinto thought, it has the power to grant ferocity. It is said to aid in one's bravery, growth, and endeavors, though it can lead in a negative direction.,AAAAAA==
220191,Isis,Osiris's wife as well as his younger sister. Upon the death of her husband, she revived him with her incredible magic power. Isis is seen at many gravesites as the guardian goddess of the dead.,AAAAAA==
220192,Lilim,A demon who tempts sleeping men and attacks infants. She is the daughter of the demoness, Lilith. Like her mother, she drains men of their essence.,AAAAAA==
220193,Lilim,A demon who tempts sleeping men and attacks infants. She is the daughter of the demoness, Lilith. Like her mother, she drains men of their essence.,AAAAAA==
220201,Ara Mitama,One of the four aspects of Shinto thought, it has the power to grant ferocity. It is said to aid in one's bravery, growth, and endeavors, though it can lead in a negative direction.,AAAAAA==
220202,Clotho,The youngest of the three Moirae Sisters of Greek legend. She spins the threads of life with her spindle.,AAAAAA==
220203,Clotho,The youngest of the three Moirae Sisters of Greek legend. She spins the threads of life with her spindle.,AAAAAA==
220211,Mothman,A cryptid sighted during the 60s-80s in West Virginia. It has shining red eyes and is named for the fin-like appendages on its sides. It uses its keen sense for blood to track down the source and feed on it.,AAAAAA==
220212,Lilim,A demon who tempts sleeping men and attacks infants. She is the daughter of the demoness, Lilith. Like her mother, she drains men of their essence.,AAAAAA==
220213,Mothman,A cryptid sighted during the 60s-80s in West Virginia. It has shining red eyes and is named for the fin-like appendages on its sides. It uses its keen sense for blood to track down the source and feed on it.,AAAAAA==
220214,Lilim,A demon who tempts sleeping men and attacks infants. She is the daughter of the demoness, Lilith. Like her mother, she drains men of their essence.,AAAAAA==
220221,Jatayu,The Hindu king of birds. In the Ramayana, he fought bravely against Ravana in an attempt to save Sita, Rama's wife and the seventh avatar of Vishnu, but lost.,AAAAAA==
220222,Mothman,A cryptid sighted during the 60s-80s in West Virginia. It has shining red eyes and is named for the fin-like appendages on its sides. It uses its keen sense for blood to track down the source and feed on it.,AAAAAA==
220223,Lilim,A demon who tempts sleeping men and attacks infants. She is the daughter of the demoness, Lilith. Like her mother, she drains men of their essence.,AAAAAA==
220224,Lilim,A demon who tempts sleeping men and attacks infants. She is the daughter of the demoness, Lilith. Like her mother, she drains men of their essence.,AAAAAA==
220231,Mitra,An ancient Persian god of contracts. He was also revered as a harvest-bringing sun god when he was introduced to the Zoroastrian religion.,AAAAAA==
220232,Ara Mitama,One of the four aspects of Shinto thought, it has the power to grant ferocity. It is said to aid in one's bravery, growth, and endeavors, though it can lead in a negative direction.,AAAAAA==
220233,Ara Mitama,One of the four aspects of Shinto thought, it has the power to grant ferocity. It is said to aid in one's bravery, growth, and endeavors, though it can lead in a negative direction.,AAAAAA==
220241,Mitra,An ancient Persian god of contracts. He was also revered as a harvest-bringing sun god when he was introduced to the Zoroastrian religion.,AAAAAA==
220242,Mitra,An ancient Persian god of contracts. He was also revered as a harvest-bringing sun god when he was introduced to the Zoroastrian religion.,AAAAAA==
220251,Jatayu,The Hindu king of birds. In the Ramayana, he fought bravely against Ravana in an attempt to save Sita, Rama's wife and the seventh avatar of Vishnu, but lost.,AAAAAA==
220252,Mothman,A cryptid sighted during the 60s-80s in West Virginia. It has shining red eyes and is named for the fin-like appendages on its sides. It uses its keen sense for blood to track down the source and feed on it.,AAAAAA==
220253,Mothman,A cryptid sighted during the 60s-80s in West Virginia. It has shining red eyes and is named for the fin-like appendages on its sides. It uses its keen sense for blood to track down the source and feed on it.,AAAAAA==
220261,Mitra,An ancient Persian god of contracts. He was also revered as a harvest-bringing sun god when he was introduced to the Zoroastrian religion.,AAAAAA==
220262,Ara Mitama,One of the four aspects of Shinto thought, it has the power to grant ferocity. It is said to aid in one's bravery, growth, and endeavors, though it can lead in a negative direction.,AAAAAA==
220263,Ara Mitama,One of the four aspects of Shinto thought, it has the power to grant ferocity. It is said to aid in one's bravery, growth, and endeavors, though it can lead in a negative direction.,AAAAAA==
220271,Mitra,An ancient Persian god of contracts. He was also revered as a harvest-bringing sun god when he was introduced to the Zoroastrian religion.,AAAAAA==
220272,Mitra,An ancient Persian god of contracts. He was also revered as a harvest-bringing sun god when he was introduced to the Zoroastrian religion.,AAAAAA==
220281,Jatayu,The Hindu king of birds. In the Ramayana, he fought bravely against Ravana in an attempt to save Sita, Rama's wife and the seventh avatar of Vishnu, but lost.,AAAAAA==
220282,Mothman,A cryptid sighted during the 60s-80s in West Virginia. It has shining red eyes and is named for the fin-like appendages on its sides. It uses its keen sense for blood to track down the source and feed on it.,AAAAAA==
220283,Mothman,A cryptid sighted during the 60s-80s in West Virginia. It has shining red eyes and is named for the fin-like appendages on its sides. It uses its keen sense for blood to track down the source and feed on it.,AAAAAA==
220291,Mitra,An ancient Persian god of contracts. He was also revered as a harvest-bringing sun god when he was introduced to the Zoroastrian religion.,AAAAAA==
220292,Ara Mitama,One of the four aspects of Shinto thought, it has the power to grant ferocity. It is said to aid in one's bravery, growth, and endeavors, though it can lead in a negative direction.,AAAAAA==
220293,Ara Mitama,One of the four aspects of Shinto thought, it has the power to grant ferocity. It is said to aid in one's bravery, growth, and endeavors, though it can lead in a negative direction.,AAAAAA==
220294,Neko Shogun,A prophetic Taoist god, originally known as Mao Shogun. Due to a linguistic error involving the Chinese word for cat	 his name was changed to Neko Shogun.,AAAAAA==
220301,Jatayu,The Hindu king of birds. In the Ramayana, he fought bravely against Ravana in an attempt to save Sita, Rama's wife and the seventh avatar of Vishnu, but lost.,AAAAAA==
220302,Mothman,A cryptid sighted during the 60s-80s in West Virginia. It has shining red eyes and is named for the fin-like appendages on its sides. It uses its keen sense for blood to track down the source and feed on it.,AAAAAA==
220303,Lilim,A demon who tempts sleeping men and attacks infants. She is the daughter of the demoness, Lilith. Like her mother, she drains men of their essence.,AAAAAA==
220304,Lilim,A demon who tempts sleeping men and attacks infants. She is the daughter of the demoness, Lilith. Like her mother, she drains men of their essence.,AAAAAA==
220311,Mothman,A cryptid sighted during the 60s-80s in West Virginia. It has shining red eyes and is named for the fin-like appendages on its sides. It uses its keen sense for blood to track down the source and feed on it.,AAAAAA==
220312,Mothman,A cryptid sighted during the 60s-80s in West Virginia. It has shining red eyes and is named for the fin-like appendages on its sides. It uses its keen sense for blood to track down the source and feed on it.,AAAAAA==
220321,Mitra,An ancient Persian god of contracts. He was also revered as a harvest-bringing sun god when he was introduced to the Zoroastrian religion.,AAAAAA==
220322,Neko Shogun,A prophetic Taoist god, originally known as Mao Shogun. Due to a linguistic error involving the Chinese word for cat	 his name was changed to Neko Shogun.,AAAAAA==
220323,Neko Shogun,A prophetic Taoist god, originally known as Mao Shogun. Due to a linguistic error involving the Chinese word for cat	 his name was changed to Neko Shogun.,AAAAAA==
220331,Jatayu,The Hindu king of birds. In the Ramayana, he fought bravely against Ravana in an attempt to save Sita, Rama's wife and the seventh avatar of Vishnu, but lost.,AAAAAA==
220332,Ara Mitama,One of the four aspects of Shinto thought, it has the power to grant ferocity. It is said to aid in one's bravery, growth, and endeavors, though it can lead in a negative direction.,AAAAAA==
220333,Ara Mitama,One of the four aspects of Shinto thought, it has the power to grant ferocity. It is said to aid in one's bravery, growth, and endeavors, though it can lead in a negative direction.,AAAAAA==
220341,Mothman,A cryptid sighted during the 60s-80s in West Virginia. It has shining red eyes and is named for the fin-like appendages on its sides. It uses its keen sense for blood to track down the source and feed on it.,AAAAAA==
220342,Mothman,A cryptid sighted during the 60s-80s in West Virginia. It has shining red eyes and is named for the fin-like appendages on its sides. It uses its keen sense for blood to track down the source and feed on it.,AAAAAA==
220351,Jatayu,The Hindu king of birds. In the Ramayana, he fought bravely against Ravana in an attempt to save Sita, Rama's wife and the seventh avatar of Vishnu, but lost.,AAAAAA==
220352,Jatayu,The Hindu king of birds. In the Ramayana, he fought bravely against Ravana in an attempt to save Sita, Rama's wife and the seventh avatar of Vishnu, but lost.,AAAAAA==
220361,Lilim,A demon who tempts sleeping men and attacks infants. She is the daughter of the demoness, Lilith. Like her mother, she drains men of their essence.,AAAAAA==
220362,Lilim,A demon who tempts sleeping men and attacks infants. She is the daughter of the demoness, Lilith. Like her mother, she drains men of their essence.,AAAAAA==
220363,Ara Mitama,One of the four aspects of Shinto thought, it has the power to grant ferocity. It is said to aid in one's bravery, growth, and endeavors, though it can lead in a negative direction.,AAAAAA==
220364,Ara Mitama,One of the four aspects of Shinto thought, it has the power to grant ferocity. It is said to aid in one's bravery, growth, and endeavors, though it can lead in a negative direction.,AAAAAA==
220365,Mothman,A cryptid sighted during the 60s-80s in West Virginia. It has shining red eyes and is named for the fin-like appendages on its sides. It uses its keen sense for blood to track down the source and feed on it.,AAAAAA==
221011,Mothman,A cryptid sighted during the 60s-80s in West Virginia. It has shining red eyes and is named for the fin-like appendages on its sides. It uses its keen sense for blood to track down the source and feed on it.,AAAAAA==
221012,Mothman,A cryptid sighted during the 60s-80s in West Virginia. It has shining red eyes and is named for the fin-like appendages on its sides. It uses its keen sense for blood to track down the source and feed on it.,AAAAAA==
221013,Mitra,An ancient Persian god of contracts. He was also revered as a harvest-bringing sun god when he was introduced to the Zoroastrian religion.,AAAAAA==
221021,Principality,The seventh of the nine orders of angels. They guard cities and nations, and protect various religious figures.,AAAAAA==
221022,Principality,The seventh of the nine orders of angels. They guard cities and nations, and protect various religious figures.,AAAAAA==
221031,Rakshasa,A Hindu demon. He is an enemy of the gods and attacks humans to feed off of them. His hideous appearance strikes fear into those who see him. Rakshasa shape-shifts to deceive his enemies.,AAAAAA==
221032,Rakshasa,A Hindu demon. He is an enemy of the gods and attacks humans to feed off of them. His hideous appearance strikes fear into those who see him. Rakshasa shape-shifts to deceive his enemies.,AAAAAA==
221033,Rakshasa,A Hindu demon. He is an enemy of the gods and attacks humans to feed off of them. His hideous appearance strikes fear into those who see him. Rakshasa shape-shifts to deceive his enemies.,AAAAAA==
221034,Rakshasa,A Hindu demon. He is an enemy of the gods and attacks humans to feed off of them. His hideous appearance strikes fear into those who see him. Rakshasa shape-shifts to deceive his enemies.,AAAAAA==
221035,Mithras,A sun deity who was worshipped in the Roman Empire from the 1st to the 4th century AD. He was said to be reborn after death, and a festival was held on the winter solstice for him.,AAAAAA==
221041,Mitra,An ancient Persian god of contracts. He was also revered as a harvest-bringing sun god when he was introduced to the Zoroastrian religion.,AAAAAA==
221042,Mitra,An ancient Persian god of contracts. He was also revered as a harvest-bringing sun god when he was introduced to the Zoroastrian religion.,AAAAAA==
221051,Mithras,A sun deity who was worshipped in the Roman Empire from the 1st to the 4th century AD. He was said to be reborn after death, and a festival was held on the winter solstice for him.,AAAAAA==
221052,Mithras,A sun deity who was worshipped in the Roman Empire from the 1st to the 4th century AD. He was said to be reborn after death, and a festival was held on the winter solstice for him.,AAAAAA==
221061,Kaiwan,A god in Assyrian legend, his name is interchangeable with Sakkut, another incarnation of the star-god, Saturn.,AAAAAA==
221062,Kaiwan,A god in Assyrian legend, his name is interchangeable with Sakkut, another incarnation of the star-god, Saturn.,AAAAAA==
221063,Kaiwan,A god in Assyrian legend, his name is interchangeable with Sakkut, another incarnation of the star-god, Saturn.,AAAAAA==
221071,Mothman,A cryptid sighted during the 60s-80s in West Virginia. It has shining red eyes and is named for the fin-like appendages on its sides. It uses its keen sense for blood to track down the source and feed on it.,AAAAAA==
221072,Mothman,A cryptid sighted during the 60s-80s in West Virginia. It has shining red eyes and is named for the fin-like appendages on its sides. It uses its keen sense for blood to track down the source and feed on it.,AAAAAA==
221073,Principality,The seventh of the nine orders of angels. They guard cities and nations, and protect various religious figures.,AAAAAA==
221081,Principality,The seventh of the nine orders of angels. They guard cities and nations, and protect various religious figures.,AAAAAA==
221082,Principality,The seventh of the nine orders of angels. They guard cities and nations, and protect various religious figures.,AAAAAA==
221083,Atropos,The eldest of the three Moirae Sisters of Greek mythology. She cuts the threads of life for those whose time has come.,AAAAAA==
221091,Lachesis,The middle sister of the three Moirae Sisters of Greek legend. She is the apportioner, measuring the thread which determines each person's lifespan.,AAAAAA==
221092,Lachesis,The middle sister of the three Moirae Sisters of Greek legend. She is the apportioner, measuring the thread which determines each person's lifespan.,AAAAAA==
221101,Atropos,The eldest of the three Moirae Sisters of Greek mythology. She cuts the threads of life for those whose time has come.,AAAAAA==
221102,Lachesis,The middle sister of the three Moirae Sisters of Greek legend. She is the apportioner, measuring the thread which determines each person's lifespan.,AAAAAA==
221111,Naga,Half-snake, half-human divine beings in Hindu lore, worshipped as bringers of rain. They live in the bottoms of lakes and seas, singing and dancing when they are not fighting.,AAAAAA==
221112,Naga,Half-snake, half-human divine beings in Hindu lore, worshipped as bringers of rain. They live in the bottoms of lakes and seas, singing and dancing when they are not fighting.,AAAAAA==
221113,Naga,Half-snake, half-human divine beings in Hindu lore, worshipped as bringers of rain. They live in the bottoms of lakes and seas, singing and dancing when they are not fighting.,AAAAAA==
221114,Naga,Half-snake, half-human divine beings in Hindu lore, worshipped as bringers of rain. They live in the bottoms of lakes and seas, singing and dancing when they are not fighting.,AAAAAA==
221115,Mithras,A sun deity who was worshipped in the Roman Empire from the 1st to the 4th century AD. He was said to be reborn after death, and a festival was held on the winter solstice for him.,AAAAAA==
221121,Naga,Half-snake, half-human divine beings in Hindu lore, worshipped as bringers of rain. They live in the bottoms of lakes and seas, singing and dancing when they are not fighting.,AAAAAA==
221122,Naga,Half-snake, half-human divine beings in Hindu lore, worshipped as bringers of rain. They live in the bottoms of lakes and seas, singing and dancing when they are not fighting.,AAAAAA==
221123,Atropos,The eldest of the three Moirae Sisters of Greek mythology. She cuts the threads of life for those whose time has come.,AAAAAA==
221131,Kaiwan,A god in Assyrian legend, his name is interchangeable with Sakkut, another incarnation of the star-god, Saturn.,AAAAAA==
221132,Kaiwan,A god in Assyrian legend, his name is interchangeable with Sakkut, another incarnation of the star-god, Saturn.,AAAAAA==
221133,Lachesis,The middle sister of the three Moirae Sisters of Greek legend. She is the apportioner, measuring the thread which determines each person's lifespan.,AAAAAA==
221141,Principality,The seventh of the nine orders of angels. They guard cities and nations, and protect various religious figures.,AAAAAA==
221142,Principality,The seventh of the nine orders of angels. They guard cities and nations, and protect various religious figures.,AAAAAA==
221143,Lachesis,The middle sister of the three Moirae Sisters of Greek legend. She is the apportioner, measuring the thread which determines each person's lifespan.,AAAAAA==
221151,Kaiwan,A god in Assyrian legend, his name is interchangeable with Sakkut, another incarnation of the star-god, Saturn.,AAAAAA==
221152,Kaiwan,A god in Assyrian legend, his name is interchangeable with Sakkut, another incarnation of the star-god, Saturn.,AAAAAA==
221153,Naga,Half-snake, half-human divine beings in Hindu lore, worshipped as bringers of rain. They live in the bottoms of lakes and seas, singing and dancing when they are not fighting.,AAAAAA==
221154,Naga,Half-snake, half-human divine beings in Hindu lore, worshipped as bringers of rain. They live in the bottoms of lakes and seas, singing and dancing when they are not fighting.,AAAAAA==
221161,Naga,Half-snake, half-human divine beings in Hindu lore, worshipped as bringers of rain. They live in the bottoms of lakes and seas, singing and dancing when they are not fighting.,AAAAAA==
221162,Naga,Half-snake, half-human divine beings in Hindu lore, worshipped as bringers of rain. They live in the bottoms of lakes and seas, singing and dancing when they are not fighting.,AAAAAA==
221163,Principality,The seventh of the nine orders of angels. They guard cities and nations, and protect various religious figures.,AAAAAA==
221171,Yurlungur,A snake with a rainbow body from Yolngu lore. He is a fertility deity who controls the weather and resides in a holy pond filled with rainbow-colored water.,AAAAAA==
221172,Yurlungur,A snake with a rainbow body from Yolngu lore. He is a fertility deity who controls the weather and resides in a holy pond filled with rainbow-colored water.,AAAAAA==
221173,Flauros,One of the 72 demons of the Goetia. He appears as a leopard and can see the past and future. He can control fire and burn all his adversaries to death.,AAAAAA==
221181,Yurlungur,A snake with a rainbow body from Yolngu lore. He is a fertility deity who controls the weather and resides in a holy pond filled with rainbow-colored water.,AAAAAA==
221182,Yurlungur,A snake with a rainbow body from Yolngu lore. He is a fertility deity who controls the weather and resides in a holy pond filled with rainbow-colored water.,AAAAAA==
221183,Kaiwan,A god in Assyrian legend, his name is interchangeable with Sakkut, another incarnation of the star-god, Saturn.,AAAAAA==
221184,Power,The sixth of the nine orders of angels. It is said that they were the first order to be created. Their duty is to protect human souls from demons.,AAAAAA==
221191,Yurlungur,A snake with a rainbow body from Yolngu lore. He is a fertility deity who controls the weather and resides in a holy pond filled with rainbow-colored water.,AAAAAA==
221192,Yurlungur,A snake with a rainbow body from Yolngu lore. He is a fertility deity who controls the weather and resides in a holy pond filled with rainbow-colored water.,AAAAAA==
221193,Kaiwan,A god in Assyrian legend, his name is interchangeable with Sakkut, another incarnation of the star-god, Saturn.,AAAAAA==
221201,Atropos,The eldest of the three Moirae Sisters of Greek mythology. She cuts the threads of life for those whose time has come.,AAAAAA==
221202,Lachesis,The middle sister of the three Moirae Sisters of Greek legend. She is the apportioner, measuring the thread which determines each person's lifespan.,AAAAAA==
221211,Yurlungur,A snake with a rainbow body from Yolngu lore. He is a fertility deity who controls the weather and resides in a holy pond filled with rainbow-colored water.,AAAAAA==
221212,Yurlungur,A snake with a rainbow body from Yolngu lore. He is a fertility deity who controls the weather and resides in a holy pond filled with rainbow-colored water.,AAAAAA==
221213,Jatayu,The Hindu king of birds. In the Ramayana, he fought bravely against Ravana in an attempt to save Sita, Rama's wife and the seventh avatar of Vishnu, but lost.,AAAAAA==
221221,Kaiwan,A god in Assyrian legend, his name is interchangeable with Sakkut, another incarnation of the star-god, Saturn.,AAAAAA==
221222,Kaiwan,A god in Assyrian legend, his name is interchangeable with Sakkut, another incarnation of the star-god, Saturn.,AAAAAA==
221223,Atropos,The eldest of the three Moirae Sisters of Greek mythology. She cuts the threads of life for those whose time has come.,AAAAAA==
221231,Power,The sixth of the nine orders of angels. It is said that they were the first order to be created. Their duty is to protect human souls from demons.,AAAAAA==
221232,Dominion,The sixth of the nine orders of angels. It is said that they were the first order to be created. Their duty is to protect human souls from demons.,AAAAAA==
221233,Jatayu,The Hindu king of birds. In the Ramayana, he fought bravely against Ravana in an attempt to save Sita, Rama's wife and the seventh avatar of Vishnu, but lost.,AAAAAA==
221241,Rakshasa,A Hindu demon. He is an enemy of the gods and attacks humans to feed off of them. His hideous appearance strikes fear into those who see him. Rakshasa shape-shifts to deceive his enemies.,AAAAAA==
221242,Rakshasa,A Hindu demon. He is an enemy of the gods and attacks humans to feed off of them. His hideous appearance strikes fear into those who see him. Rakshasa shape-shifts to deceive his enemies.,AAAAAA==
221243,Rakshasa,A Hindu demon. He is an enemy of the gods and attacks humans to feed off of them. His hideous appearance strikes fear into those who see him. Rakshasa shape-shifts to deceive his enemies.,AAAAAA==
221244,Rakshasa,A Hindu demon. He is an enemy of the gods and attacks humans to feed off of them. His hideous appearance strikes fear into those who see him. Rakshasa shape-shifts to deceive his enemies.,AAAAAA==
221245,Mithras,A sun deity who was worshipped in the Roman Empire from the 1st to the 4th century AD. He was said to be reborn after death, and a festival was held on the winter solstice for him.,AAAAAA==
221251,Kaiwan,A god in Assyrian legend, his name is interchangeable with Sakkut,
another incarnation of the star-god, Saturn.,AAAAAA==
221252,Kaiwan,A god in Assyrian legend, his name is interchangeable with Sakkut, another incarnation of the star-god, Saturn.,AAAAAA==
221253,Kaiwan,A god in Assyrian legend, his name is interchangeable with Sakkut, another incarnation of the star-god, Saturn.,AAAAAA==
221261,Mitra,An ancient Persian god of contracts. He was also revered as a harvest-bringing sun god when he was introduced to the Zoroastrian religion.,AAAAAA==
221262,Mitra,An ancient Persian god of contracts. He was also revered as a harvest-bringing sun god when he was introduced to the Zoroastrian religion.,AAAAAA==
221271,Principality,The seventh of the nine orders of angels. They guard cities and nations, and protect various religious figures.,AAAAAA==
221272,Principality,The seventh of the nine orders of angels. They guard cities and nations, and protect various religious figures.,AAAAAA==
221281,Mothman,A cryptid sighted during the 60s-80s in West Virginia. It has shining red eyes and is named for the fin-like appendages on its sides. It uses its keen sense for blood to track down the source and feed on it.,AAAAAA==
221282,Mothman,A cryptid sighted during the 60s-80s in West Virginia. It has shining red eyes and is named for the fin-like appendages on its sides. It uses its keen sense for blood to track down the source and feed on it.,AAAAAA==
221283,Mitra,An ancient Persian god of contracts. He was also revered as a harvest-bringing sun god when he was introduced to the Zoroastrian religion.,AAAAAA==
221291,Kaiwan,A god in Assyrian legend, his name is interchangeable with Sakkut, another incarnation of the star-god, Saturn.,AAAAAA==
221292,Kaiwan,A god in Assyrian legend, his name is interchangeable with Sakkut, another incarnation of the star-god, Saturn.,AAAAAA==
221293,Principality,The seventh of the nine orders of angels. They guard cities and nations, and protect various religious figures.,AAAAAA==
221301,Principality,The seventh of the nine orders of angels. They guard cities and nations, and protect various religious figures.,AAAAAA==
221302,Principality,The seventh of the nine orders of angels. They guard cities and nations, and protect various religious figures.,AAAAAA==
221311,Mothman,A cryptid sighted during the 60s-80s in West Virginia. It has shining red eyes and is named for the fin-like appendages on its sides. It uses its keen sense for blood to track down the source and feed on it.,AAAAAA==
221312,Mothman,A cryptid sighted during the 60s-80s in West Virginia. It has shining red eyes and is named for the fin-like appendages on its sides. It uses its keen sense for blood to track down the source and feed on it.,AAAAAA==
221313,Mitra,An ancient Persian god of contracts. He was also revered as a harvest-bringing sun god when he was introduced to the Zoroastrian religion.,AAAAAA==
221321,Kaiwan,A god in Assyrian legend, his name is interchangeable with Sakkut, another incarnation of the star-god, Saturn.,AAAAAA==
221322,Kaiwan,A god in Assyrian legend, his name is interchangeable with Sakkut, another incarnation of the star-god, Saturn.,AAAAAA==
221323,Principality,The seventh of the nine orders of angels. They guard cities and nations, and protect various religious figures.,AAAAAA==
221331,Rakshasa,A Hindu demon. He is an enemy of the gods and attacks humans to feed off of them. His hideous appearance strikes fear into those who see him. Rakshasa shape-shifts to deceive his enemies.,AAAAAA==
221332,Rakshasa,A Hindu demon. He is an enemy of the gods and attacks humans to feed off of them. His hideous appearance strikes fear into those who see him. Rakshasa shape-shifts to deceive his enemies.,AAAAAA==
221333,Rakshasa,A Hindu demon. He is an enemy of the gods and attacks humans to feed off of them. His hideous appearance strikes fear into those who see him. Rakshasa shape-shifts to deceive his enemies.,AAAAAA==
221334,Rakshasa,A Hindu demon. He is an enemy of the gods and attacks humans to feed off of them. His hideous appearance strikes fear into those who see him. Rakshasa shape-shifts to deceive his enemies.,AAAAAA==
221335,Mithras,A sun deity who was worshipped in the Roman Empire from the 1st to the 4th century AD. He was said to be reborn after death, and a festival was held on the winter solstice for him.,AAAAAA==
221341,Kaiwan,A god in Assyrian legend, his name is interchangeable with Sakkut, another incarnation of the star-god, Saturn.,AAAAAA==
221342,Kaiwan,A god in Assyrian legend, his name is interchangeable with Sakkut, another incarnation of the star-god, Saturn.,AAAAAA==
221343,Kaiwan,A god in Assyrian legend, his name is interchangeable with Sakkut, another incarnation of the star-god, Saturn.,AAAAAA==
221351,Mitra,An ancient Persian god of contracts. He was also revered as a harvest-bringing sun god when he was introduced to the Zoroastrian religion.,AAAAAA==
221352,Mitra,An ancient Persian god of contracts. He was also revered as a harvest-bringing sun god when he was introduced to the Zoroastrian religion.,AAAAAA==
221361,Kaiwan,A god in Assyrian legend, his name is interchangeable with Sakkut, another incarnation of the star-god, Saturn.,AAAAAA==
221362,Kaiwan,A god in Assyrian legend, his name is interchangeable with Sakkut, another incarnation of the star-god, Saturn.,AAAAAA==
221363,Mothman,A cryptid sighted during the 60s-80s in West Virginia. It has shining red eyes and is named for the fin-like appendages on its sides. It uses its keen sense for blood to track down the source and feed on it.,AAAAAA==
221364,Mothman,A cryptid sighted during the 60s-80s in West Virginia. It has shining red eyes and is named for the fin-like appendages on its sides. It uses its keen sense for blood to track down the source and feed on it.,AAAAAA==
221371,Kaiwan,A god in Assyrian legend, his name is interchangeable with Sakkut, another incarnation of the star-god, Saturn.,AAAAAA==
221372,Kaiwan,A god in Assyrian legend, his name is interchangeable with Sakkut, another incarnation of the star-god, Saturn.,AAAAAA==
221373,Mitra,An ancient Persian god of contracts. He was also revered as a harvest-bringing sun god when he was introduced to the Zoroastrian religion.,AAAAAA==
221381,Mithras,A sun deity who was worshipped in the Roman Empire from the 1st to the 4th century AD. He was said to be reborn after death, and a festival was held on the winter solstice for him.,AAAAAA==
221382,Mithras,A sun deity who was worshipped in the Roman Empire from the 1st to the 4th century AD. He was said to be reborn after death, and a festival was held on the winter solstice for him.,AAAAAA==
221391,Naga,Half-snake, half-human divine beings in Hindu lore, worshipped as bringers of rain. They live in the bottoms of lakes and seas, singing and dancing when they are not fighting.,AAAAAA==
221392,Naga,Half-snake, half-human divine beings in Hindu lore, worshipped as bringers of rain. They live in the bottoms of lakes and seas, singing and dancing when they are not fighting.,AAAAAA==
221393,Naga,Half-snake, half-human divine beings in Hindu lore, worshipped as bringers of rain. They live in the bottoms of lakes and seas, singing and dancing when they are not fighting.,AAAAAA==
221394,Naga,Half-snake, half-human divine beings in Hindu lore, worshipped as bringers of rain. They live in the bottoms of lakes and seas, singing and dancing when they are not fighting.,AAAAAA==
221395,Mithras,A sun deity who was worshipped in the Roman Empire from the 1st to the 4th century AD. He was said to be reborn after death, and a festival was held on the winter solstice for him.,AAAAAA==
221401,Naga,Half-snake, half-human divine beings in Hindu lore, worshipped as bringers of rain. They live in the bottoms of lakes and seas, singing and dancing when they are not fighting.,AAAAAA==
221402,Naga,Half-snake, half-human divine beings in Hindu lore, worshipped as bringers of rain. They live in the bottoms of lakes and seas, singing and dancing when they are not fighting.,AAAAAA==
221403,Atropos,The eldest of the three Moirae Sisters of Greek mythology. She cuts the threads of life for those whose time has come.,AAAAAA==
221411,Kaiwan,A god in Assyrian legend, his name is interchangeable with Sakkut, another incarnation of the star-god, Saturn.,AAAAAA==
221412,Kaiwan,A god in Assyrian legend, his name is interchangeable with Sakkut, another incarnation of the star-god, Saturn.,AAAAAA==
221413,Lachesis,The middle sister of the three Moirae Sisters of Greek legend. She is the apportioner, measuring the thread which determines each person's lifespan.,AAAAAA==
221421,Principality,The seventh of the nine orders of angels. They guard cities and nations, and protect various religious figures.,AAAAAA==
221422,Principality,The seventh of the nine orders of angels. They guard cities and nations, and protect various religious figures.,AAAAAA==
221423,Atropos,The eldest of the three Moirae Sisters of Greek mythology. She cuts the threads of life for those whose time has come.,AAAAAA==
221431,Lachesis,The middle sister of the three Moirae Sisters of Greek legend. She is the apportioner, measuring the thread which determines each person's lifespan.,AAAAAA==
221432,Lachesis,The middle sister of the three Moirae Sisters of Greek legend. She is the apportioner, measuring the thread which determines each person's lifespan.,AAAAAA==
221441,Atropos,The eldest of the three Moirae Sisters of Greek mythology. She cuts the threads of life for those whose time has come.,AAAAAA==
221442,Lachesis,The middle sister of the three Moirae Sisters of Greek legend. She is the apportioner, measuring the thread which determines each person's lifespan.,AAAAAA==
221451,Principality,The seventh of the nine orders of angels. They guard cities and nations, and protect various religious figures.,AAAAAA==
221452,Principality,The seventh of the nine orders of angels. They guard cities and nations, and protect various religious figures.,AAAAAA==
221453,Lachesis,The middle sister of the three Moirae Sisters of Greek legend. She is the apportioner, measuring the thread which determines each person's lifespan.,AAAAAA==
221461,Kaiwan,A god in Assyrian legend, his name is interchangeable with Sakkut, another incarnation of the star-god, Saturn.,AAAAAA==
221462,Kaiwan,A god in Assyrian legend, his name is interchangeable with Sakkut, another incarnation of the star-god, Saturn.,AAAAAA==
221463,Naga,Half-snake, half-human divine beings in Hindu lore, worshipped as bringers of rain. They live in the bottoms of lakes and seas, singing and dancing when they are not fighting.,AAAAAA==
221464,Naga,Half-snake, half-human divine beings in Hindu lore, worshipped as bringers of rain. They live in the bottoms of lakes and seas, singing and dancing when they are not fighting.,AAAAAA==
221471,Naga,Half-snake, half-human divine beings in Hindu lore, worshipped as bringers of rain. They live in the bottoms of lakes and seas, singing and dancing when they are not fighting.,AAAAAA==
221472,Naga,Half-snake, half-human divine beings in Hindu lore, worshipped as bringers of rain. They live in the bottoms of lakes and seas, singing and dancing when they are not fighting.,AAAAAA==
221473,Principality,The seventh of the nine orders of angels. They guard cities and nations, and protect various religious figures.,AAAAAA==
221481,Principality,The seventh of the nine orders of angels. They guard cities and nations, and protect various religious figures.,AAAAAA==
221482,Principality,The seventh of the nine orders of angels. They guard cities and nations, and protect various religious figures.,AAAAAA==
221483,Atropos,The eldest of the three Moirae Sisters of Greek mythology. She cuts the threads of life for those whose time has come.,AAAAAA==
221491,Lachesis,The middle sister of the three Moirae Sisters of Greek legend. She is the apportioner, measuring the thread which determines each person's lifespan.,AAAAAA==
221492,Lachesis,The middle sister of the three Moirae Sisters of Greek legend. She is the apportioner, measuring the thread which determines each person's lifespan.,AAAAAA==
221501,Atropos,The eldest of the three Moirae Sisters of Greek mythology. She cuts the threads of life for those whose time has come.,AAAAAA==
221502,Lachesis,The middle sister of the three Moirae Sisters of Greek legend. She is the apportioner, measuring the thread which determines each person's lifespan.,AAAAAA==
221511,Naga,Half-snake, half-human divine beings in Hindu lore, worshipped as bringers of rain. They live in the bottoms of lakes and seas, singing and dancing when they are not fighting.,AAAAAA==
221512,Naga,Half-snake, half-human divine beings in Hindu lore, worshipped as bringers of rain. They live in the bottoms of lakes and seas, singing and dancing when they are not fighting.,AAAAAA==
221513,Naga,Half-snake, half-human divine beings in Hindu lore, worshipped as bringers of rain. They live in the bottoms of lakes and seas, singing and dancing when they are not fighting.,AAAAAA==
221514,Naga,Half-snake, half-human divine beings in Hindu lore, worshipped as bringers of rain. They live in the bottoms of lakes and seas, singing and dancing when they are not fighting.,AAAAAA==
221515,Mithras,A sun deity who was worshipped in the Roman Empire from the 1st to the 4th century AD. He was said to be reborn after death, and a festival was held on the winter solstice for him.,AAAAAA==
221521,Naga,Half-snake, half-human divine beings in Hindu lore, worshipped as bringers of rain. They live in the bottoms of lakes and seas, singing and dancing when they are not fighting.,AAAAAA==
221522,Naga,Half-snake, half-human divine beings in Hindu lore, worshipped as bringers of rain. They live in the bottoms of lakes and seas, singing and dancing when they are not fighting.,AAAAAA==
221523,Atropos,The eldest of the three Moirae Sisters of Greek mythology. She cuts the threads of life for those whose time has come.,AAAAAA==
221531,Kaiwan,A god in Assyrian legend, his name is interchangeable with Sakkut, another incarnation of the star-god, Saturn.,AAAAAA==
221532,Kaiwan,A god in Assyrian legend, his name is interchangeable with Sakkut, another incarnation of the star-god, Saturn.,AAAAAA==
221533,Lachesis,The middle sister of the three Moirae Sisters of Greek legend. She is the apportioner, measuring the thread which determines each person's lifespan.,AAAAAA==
221541,Atropos,The eldest of the three Moirae Sisters of Greek mythology. She cuts the threads of life for those whose time has come.,AAAAAA==
221542,Lachesis,The middle sister of the three Moirae Sisters of Greek legend. She is the apportioner, measuring the thread which determines each person's lifespan.,AAAAAA==
221551,Naga,Half-snake, half-human divine beings in Hindu lore, worshipped as bringers of rain. They live in the bottoms of lakes and seas, singing and dancing when they are not fighting.,AAAAAA==
221552,Naga,Half-snake, half-human divine beings in Hindu lore, worshipped as bringers of rain. They live in the bottoms of lakes and seas, singing and dancing when they are not fighting.,AAAAAA==
221553,Principality,The seventh of the nine orders of angels. They guard cities and nations, and protect various religious figures.,AAAAAA==
221561,Principality,The seventh of the nine orders of angels. They guard cities and nations, and protect various religious figures.,AAAAAA==
221562,Principality,The seventh of the nine orders of angels. They guard cities and nations, and protect various religious figures.,AAAAAA==
221563,Atropos,The eldest of the three Moirae Sisters of Greek mythology. She cuts the threads of life for those whose time has come.,AAAAAA==
221571,Mithras,A sun deity who was worshipped in the Roman Empire from the 1st to the 4th century AD. He was said to be reborn after death, and a festival was held on the winter solstice for him.,AAAAAA==
221572,Mithras,A sun deity who was worshipped in the Roman Empire from the 1st to the 4th century AD. He was said to be reborn after death, and a festival was held on the winter solstice for him.,AAAAAA==
221581,Yurlungur,A snake with a rainbow body from Yolngu lore. He is a fertility deity who controls the weather and resides in a holy pond filled with rainbow-colored water.,AAAAAA==
221582,Yurlungur,A snake with a rainbow body from Yolngu lore. He is a fertility deity who controls the weather and resides in a holy pond filled with rainbow-colored water.,AAAAAA==
221583,Flauros,One of the 72 demons of the Goetia. He appears as a leopard and can see the past and future. He can control fire and burn all his adversaries to death.,AAAAAA==
221591,Kaiwan,A god in Assyrian legend, his name is interchangeable with Sakkut, another incarnation of the star-god, Saturn.,AAAAAA==
221592,Kaiwan,A god in Assyrian legend, his name is interchangeable with Sakkut, another incarnation of the star-god, Saturn.,AAAAAA==
221593,Power,The sixth of the nine orders of angels. It is said that they were the first order to be created. Their duty is to protect human souls from demons.,AAAAAA==
221601,Naga,Half-snake, half-human divine beings in Hindu lore, worshipped as bringers of rain. They live in the bottoms of lakes and seas, singing and dancing when they are not fighting.,AAAAAA==
221602,Naga,Half-snake, half-human divine beings in Hindu lore, worshipped as bringers of rain. They live in the bottoms of lakes and seas, singing and dancing when they are not fighting.,AAAAAA==
221603,Flauros,One of the 72 demons of the Goetia. He appears as a leopard and can see the past and future. He can control fire and burn all his adversaries to death.,AAAAAA==
221611,Atropos,The eldest of the three Moirae Sisters of Greek mythology. She cuts the threads of life for those whose time has come.,AAAAAA==
221612,Lachesis,The middle sister of the three Moirae Sisters of Greek legend. She is the apportioner, measuring the thread which determines each person's lifespan.,AAAAAA==
221621,Yurlungur,A snake with a rainbow body from Yolngu lore. He is a fertility deity who controls the weather and resides in a holy pond filled with rainbow-colored water.,AAAAAA==
221622,Yurlungur,A snake with a rainbow body from Yolngu lore. He is a fertility deity who controls the weather and resides in a holy pond filled with rainbow-colored water.,AAAAAA==
221623,Jatayu,The Hindu king of birds. In the Ramayana, he fought bravely against Ravana in an attempt to save Sita, Rama's wife and the seventh avatar of Vishnu, but lost.,AAAAAA==
221631,Kaiwan,A god in Assyrian legend, his name is interchangeable with Sakkut, another incarnation of the star-god, Saturn.,AAAAAA==
221632,Kaiwan,A god in Assyrian legend, his name is interchangeable with Sakkut, another incarnation of the star-god, Saturn.,AAAAAA==
221633,Atropos,The eldest of the three Moirae Sisters of Greek mythology. She cuts the threads of life for those whose time has come.,AAAAAA==
221641,Power,The sixth of the nine orders of angels. It is said that they were the first order to be created. Their duty is to protect human souls from demons.,AAAAAA==
221642,Power,The sixth of the nine orders of angels. It is said that they were the first order to be created. Their duty is to protect human souls from demons.,AAAAAA==
221651,Principality,The seventh of the nine orders of angels. They guard cities and nations, and protect various religious figures.,AAAAAA==
221652,Principality,The seventh of the nine orders of angels. They guard cities and nations, and protect various religious figures.,AAAAAA==
221653,Power,The sixth of the nine orders of angels. It is said that they were the first order to be created. Their duty is to protect human souls from demons.,AAAAAA==
221661,Kaiwan,A god in Assyrian legend, his name is interchangeable with Sakkut, another incarnation of the star-god, Saturn.,AAAAAA==
221662,Kaiwan,A god in Assyrian legend, his name is interchangeable with Sakkut, another incarnation of the star-god, Saturn.,AAAAAA==
221663,Lachesis,The middle sister of the three Moirae Sisters of Greek legend. She is the apportioner, measuring the thread which determines each person's lifespan.,AAAAAA==
221671,Yurlungur,A snake with a rainbow body from Yolngu lore. He is a fertility deity who controls the weather and resides in a holy pond filled with rainbow-colored water.,AAAAAA==
221672,Yurlungur,A snake with a rainbow body from Yolngu lore. He is a fertility deity who controls the weather and resides in a holy pond filled with rainbow-colored water.,AAAAAA==
221673,Kaiwan,A god in Assyrian legend, his name is interchangeable with Sakkut, another incarnation of the star-god, Saturn.,AAAAAA==
221681,Kaiwan,A god in Assyrian legend, his name is interchangeable with Sakkut, another incarnation of the star-god, Saturn.,AAAAAA==
221682,Kaiwan,A god in Assyrian legend, his name is interchangeable with Sakkut, another incarnation of the star-god, Saturn.,AAAAAA==
221683,Jatayu,The Hindu king of birds. In the Ramayana, he fought bravely against Ravana in an attempt to save Sita, Rama's wife and the seventh avatar of Vishnu, but lost.,AAAAAA==
226011,Wraith of Envy,-,AAAAAA==
226021,Mechanical Shadow,-,AAAAAA==
226022,Mechanical Shadow,-,AAAAAA==
226031,Shadow Katayama,-,AAAAAA==
226032,Shadow Katayama,-,AAAAAA==
226051,Shadow Katayama,-,AAAAAA==
226052,Koumokuten,Also known as Virupaksha, he is the protector of the West, and is one of the four Heavenly Kings of Buddhist origin. He keeps a close watch on the world with his sharp gaze.,AAAAAA==
226053,Jikokuten,Also known as Dhritarashtra, he is the protector of the East, and is one of the four Heavenly Kings of Buddhist origin. He helps maintain the security of the nation.,AAAAAA==
226041,Neko Shogun,A prophetic Taoist god, originally known as Mao Shogun. Due to a linguistic error involving the Chinese word for cat	 his name was changed to Neko Shogun.,AAAAAA==
226042,Neko Shogun,A prophetic Taoist god, originally known as Mao Shogun. Due to a linguistic error involving the Chinese word for cat	 his name was changed to Neko Shogun.,AAAAAA==
226061,Thor,The Norse thunder god and son of Odin, Thor owns the power enhancing belt, Megingjard, and wields Mjolnir, a hammer that causes lightning to strike and returns to its owner if thrown.,AAAAAA==
226062,Oni,An evil monster from Japanese lore known for its hideous visage and brute strength. They loot and plunder villages, massacring the townspeople with their iron clubs. They have horns on their heads, red skin, long claws, and razor-sharp teeth.,AAAAAA==
226063,Oni,An evil monster from Japanese lore known for its hideous visage and brute strength. They loot and plunder villages, massacring the townspeople with their iron clubs. They have horns on their heads, red skin, long claws, and razor-sharp teeth.,AAAAAA==
226071,Naga,Half-snake, half-human divine beings in Hindu lore, worshipped as bringers of rain. They live in the bottoms of lakes and seas, singing and dancing when they are not fighting.,AAAAAA==
226072,Naga,Half-snake, half-human divine beings in Hindu lore, worshipped as bringers of rain. They live in the bottoms of lakes and seas, singing and dancing when they are not fighting.,AAAAAA==
226081,Clotho,The youngest of the three Moirae Sisters of Greek legend. She spins the threads of life with her spindle.,AAAAAA==
226082,Lilim,A demon who tempts sleeping men and attacks infants. She is the daughter of the demoness, Lilith. Like her mother, she drains men of their essence.,AAAAAA==
226083,Lilim,A demon who tempts sleeping men and attacks infants. She is the daughter of the demoness, Lilith. Like her mother, she drains men of their essence.,AAAAAA==
226091,Mithras,A sun deity who was worshipped in the Roman Empire from the 1st to the 4th century AD. He was said to be reborn after death, and a festival was held on the winter solstice for him.,AAAAAA==
226092,Mithras,A sun deity who was worshipped in the Roman Empire from the 1st to the 4th century AD. He was said to be reborn after death, and a festival was held on the winter solstice for him.,AAAAAA==
226101,Lachesis,The middle sister of the three Moirae Sisters of Greek legend. She is the apportioner, measuring the thread which determines each person's lifespan.,AAAAAA==
226102,Atropos,The eldest of the three Moirae Sisters of Greek mythology. She cuts the threads of life for those whose time has come.,AAAAAA==
220103,Clotho,The youngest of the three Moirae Sisters of Greek legend. She spins the threads of life with her spindle.,AAAAAA==
228011,Anubis,The jackal-headed god of the dead and embalming from Egyptian myth. He weighs the hearts of the dead to determine their final destination.,1. When Angel takes damage, Anubis gains 1 Judgment of Evil stack.
2. When Succubus takes damage, Anubis gains 1 Judgment of Good stack.
3. Judgment of Good and Judgment of Evil cancel each other out.
4. When either Judgment of Good or Judgment of Evil reach 5 stacks, Anubis will use Advent of Judgment, dealing heavy damage to all Phantom Thieves.
228012,Angel,Ninth of the nineorders of angels.They are closest in nature to humans.They watch over individuals and warn those who stray from the path.,AAAAAA==
228013,Succubus,A female demon of European lore in medieval times. They visit sleeping men and have sexual intercourse with them. The victims don't wake up but may dream of the encounter.,AAAAAA==
228021,Anubis,The jackal-headed god of the dead and embalming from Egyptian myth. He weighs the hearts of the dead to determine their final destination.,1. When Anubis receives a debuff, it gains 1 Judgment of Evil stack.
2. When Anubis receives a buff, it gains 1 Judgment of Good stack.
3. Judgment of Good and Judgment of Evil cancel each other out.
4. When either Judgment of Good or Judgment of Evil reach 5 stacks, Anubis will use Advent of Judgment, dealing heavy damage to all Phantom Thieves.
5. At the start of each turn, Anubis will summon 1 Saki Mitama.
228022,Saki Mitama,One of the four aspects of Shinto thought, it brings great bounty from the hunt. It is said to aid in love, profit, and growth, and can create new paths.,AAAAAA==
228031,Anubis,The jackal-headed god of the dead and embalming from Egyptian myth. He weighs the hearts of the dead to determine their final destination.,1. When Anubis receives a debuff, it gains 1 Judgment of Evil stack.
2. When Anubis receives a buff, it gains 1 Judgment of Good stack.
3. Judgment of Good and Judgment of Evil cancel each other out.
4. When either Judgment of Good or Judgment of Evil reach 5 stacks, Anubis activates Advent of Judgment, dealing heavy damage to all Phantom Thieves.
228041,Hariti,Also known as Kishimojin, she once ate children, but stopped after Buddha changed her ways. She now eats pomegranates and is a goddess of parenting.,1. Hariti has extremely high damage reduction, making it difficult to deal damage with direct attacks.
2. When Hariti's action ends, it spends its own HP to fully heal all other Shadows, losing HP equal to the amount healed.
3. At the start of Hariti's turn, it summons 1 Agathion. Hariti's damage increases by 15% for each Agathion on the field.
228042,Agathion,A general term for familiars used by Judeo-Christian magicians, they are usually sealed away in bottles, rings, or talismans. They torment the target selected by the conjuror.,AAAAAA==
228051,Hariti,Also known as Kishimojin, she once ate children, but stopped after Buddha changed her ways. She now eats pomegranates and is a goddess of parenting.,1. Hariti has extremely high damage reduction, making it difficult to deal damage with direct attacks.
2. When Hariti's turn ends, it spends its own HP to fully heal all other Shadows, losing HP equal to the amount healed.
3. When Jack-o'-Lantern is defeated, Hariti immediately deals heavy damage to all Phantom Thieves.
4. At the start of Hariti's turn, it summons up to 4 Jack-o'-Lanterns.
228052,Jack-o'-Lantern,A drunkard who tricked the Devil out of taking him to Hell. When refused entry to Heaven, he was forced to wander the earth with only an ember as a light.,AAAAAA==
228061,Hariti,Also known as Kishimojin, she once ate children, but stopped after Buddha changed her ways. She now eats pomegranates and is a goddess of parenting.,1. Hariti has extremely high damage reduction, making it difficult to deal damage with direct attacks.
2. When Hariti's turn ends, it spends its own HP to fully heal all other Shadows, losing HP equal to the amount healed.
3. Each turn, Hariti summons 1 Jack Frost, and grants Mother's Love to a random Jack Frost.
4. A Jack Frost with Mother's Love will grow into Black Frost after 2 turns, gaining higher Attack and Defense, but also becoming unable to receive healing effects.
228062,Jack Frost,A winter fairy of European descent. He leaves ice patterns on windows and nips people's noses. Though normally an innocent creature, he will freeze his victims to death if provoked.,AAAAAA==
228063,Black Frost,A Jack Frost that yearned for evil. This powerful demon is born when a cute Jack Frost remembers its demonic nature.,AAAAAA==
228071,Kumbhanda,A Buddhist demon said to drain human life energy. He has dark skin, stands three meters tall, and sometimes changes his shape to a gourd. Known to have once served Rudra, the god of storms.,1. Every turn, Kumbhanda will attack a Phantom Thief who has a Grudge. If no Phantom Thieves have a Grudge, it will attack all Phantom Thieves.
2. Whenever Kumbhanda attacks, it reduces the target's HP by 20%, and restores 20% HP to the Agathion with the lowest HP.
228072,Agathion,A general term for familiars used by Judeo-Christian magicians, they are usually sealed away in bottles, rings, or talismans. They torment the target selected by the conjuror.,1. When Agathion is hit by an attack, the attacker gains 1 Grudge stack for 1 turn.
2. If an Agathion's HP is less than 40% at the start of its turn, it transforms into Kumbhanda. If it is defeated, it restores the HP of all Shadows by 40%.
228081,Kumbhanda,A Buddhist demon said to drain human life energy. He has dark skin, stands three meters tall, and sometimes changes his shape to a gourd. Known to have once served Rudra, the god of storms.,1. Every turn, Kumbhanda will attack a Phantom Thief who has a Grudge. If no Phantom Thieves have a Grudge, it will attack all Phantom Thieves.
2. Whenever Kumbhanda attacks, it reduces the target's SP by 20, and restores 10 SP to a random Agathion.
228082,Agathion,A general term for familiars used by Judeo-Christian magicians, they are usually sealed away in bottles, rings, or talismans. They torment the target selected by the conjuror.,1. When Agathion is hit by an attack, the attacker gains 1 Grudge stack for 1 turn.
2. If an Agathion's SP is less than 40 at the start of its turn, it transforms into Kumbhanda. If it is defeated, it restores the SP of all Shadows by 20.
228091,Girimehkala,A giant elephant monster of Sri Lankan myth, it is typically portrayed as being ridden by the Evil One, Mara. Whoever looks into its evil eye is said to be met with misfortune.,1. Each turn, Girimehkala inflicts Mark of Calamity on 2 Phantom Thieves for 2 turns.
2. When a Phantom Thief with a Mark of Calamity deals damage with a skill, Arrival of Calamity is activated on that Phantom Thief: Deals multi-target damage based on the user's Attack, and inflicts a Mark of Calamity on the main target of the skill.
3. All Shadows take 60% decreased final damage from all attacks other than Arrival of Calamity.
4. After taking damage from Arrival of Calamity, damage taken is greatly increased for 1 turn.
228092,Oni,An evil monster from Japanese lore known for its hideous visage and brute strength. They loot and plunder villages, massacring the townspeople with their iron clubs. They have horns on their heads, red skin, long claws, and razor-sharp teeth.,AAAAAA==
228093,Oni,An evil monster from Japanese lore known for its hideous visage and brute strength.
They loot and plunder villages, massacring the townspeople with their iron clubs.
They have horns on their heads, red skin, long claws, and razor-sharp teeth.,AAAAAA==
228101,Girimehkala,A giant elephant monster of Sri Lankan myth, it is typically portrayed as being ridden by the Evil One, Mara. Whoever looks into its evil eye is said to be met with misfortune.,1. Each turn, Girimehkala inflicts Mark of Calamity on 2 Phantom Thieves for 2 turns.
2. When a Phantom Thief with a Mark of Calamity deals damage with a skill, Arrival of Calamity is activated on the Phantom Thieves: Deals multi-target damage based on the user's Attack, and inflicts a Mark of Calamity on the main target of the skill.
3. All Shadows take 60% decreased damage from all attacks other than Arrival of Calamity.
4. Up to 2 Marks of Calamity can be held. When Mark of Calamity reaches 2 stacks, using a skill will activate Ruinous Calamity once, dealing severe damage. This effect does not inflict a Mark of Calamity on the target.
228102,Onmoraki,A monstrous, fire spitting, Japanese bird with a man's face. It is actually a corpse that was not given a proper memorial service. They appear before monks who neglect their duties.,AAAAAA==
228103,Onmoraki,A monstrous, fire spitting, Japanese bird with a man's face. It is actually a corpse that was not given a proper memorial service. They appear before monks who neglect their duties.,AAAAAA==
228104,Onmoraki,A monstrous, fire spitting, Japanese bird with a man's face. It is actually a corpse that was not given a proper memorial service. They appear before monks who neglect their duties.,AAAAAA==
228105,Onmoraki,A monstrous, fire spitting, Japanese bird with a man's face. It is actually a corpse that was not given a proper memorial service. They appear before monks who neglect their duties.,AAAAAA==
228111,Girimehkala,A giant elephant monster of Sri Lankan myth, it is typically portrayed as being ridden by the Evil One, Mara. Whoever looks into its evil eye is said to be met with misfortune.,1. Each turn, Girimehkala inflicts Mark of Calamity on 2 Phantom Thieves and 1 Shadow for 2 turns.
2. When a Phantom Thief with a Mark of Calamity deals damage with a skill, Arrival of Calamity is activated on that Phantom Thief: Deals multi-target damage based on the user's Attack, and inflicts a Mark of Calamity on the main target of the skill.
3. All Shadows take 60% decreased final damage from all attacks other than Arrival of Calamity.
4. When Girimehkala has a Mark of Calamity, its damage permanently increases by 50% after attacking.
228112,Oni,An evil monster from Japanese lore known for its hideous visage and brute strength. They loot and plunder villages, massacring the townspeople with their iron clubs. They have horns on their heads, red skin, long claws, and razor-sharp teeth.,When Oni has a Mark of Calamity, after attacking, all Shadows' damage greatly increases.
228113,Incubus,A male demon of European lore in medieval times. They visit sleeping women and have sexual intercourse with them. The resulting children become witches or wizards.,When Incubus has a Mark of Calamity, after attacking, all Shadows will be healed.
228114,Succubus,A female demon of European lore in medieval times. They visit sleeping men and have sexual intercourse with them. The victims don't wake up but may dream of the encounter.,When Succubus has a Mark of Calamity, after attacking, 1 Phantom Thief will become Dizzy.
228121,Belphegor,Demonic governor of the deadly sin of sloth. He also excels at invention and discovery. May be derived from Ba'al Pe'or, Syrian god of abundant crops.,1. Belphegor is always Asleep. After being attacked, it will wake up, and can take 1 action before going back to Sleep.
2. Each time Belphegor acts, it gains 1 Irate stack, and its damage increases.
228122,Sandman,A fairy in German folklore who carries a bag of magical sand, which puts humans to sleep when thrown into their eyes. If the victim resists, the Sandman will sit on their eyelids.,When Sandman is defeated, Belphegor will go to Sleep.
228123,Sandman,A fairy in German folklore who carries a bag of magical sand, which puts humans to sleep when thrown into their eyes. If the victim resists, the Sandman will sit on their eyelids.,When Sandman is defeated, Belphegor will go to Sleep.
228131,Belphegor,Demonic governor of the deadly sin of sloth. He also excels at invention and discovery. May be derived from Ba'al Pe'or, Syrian god of abundant crops.,1. Belphegor is always Asleep. After being attacked, it will wake up, and can take 1 action before going back to sleep.
2. Belphegor takes increased damage while Asleep. Every 2 turns, it summons 1 Sandman.
228132,Sandman,A fairy in German folklore who carries a bag of magical sand, which puts humans to sleep when thrown into their eyes. If the victim resists, the Sandman will sit on their eyelids.,When Sandman is defeated, Belphegor will go to Sleep.
228133,Sandman,A fairy in German folklore who carries a bag of magical sand, which puts humans to sleep when thrown into their eyes. If the victim resists, the Sandman will sit on their eyelids.,When Sandman is defeated, Belphegor will go to Sleep.
228141,Belphegor,Demonic governor of the deadly sin of sloth. He also excels at invention and discovery. May be derived from Ba'al Pe'or, Syrian god of abundant crops.,1. Belphegor is always Asleep. After being attacked, it will wake up, and can take 1 action before going back to Sleep.
2. Belphegor deals greatly increased damage to Sleeping Shadows.
228142,Sandman,A fairy in German folklore who carries a bag of magical sand, which puts humans to sleep when thrown into their eyes. If the victim resists, the Sandman will sit on their eyelids.,Each turn, Sandman will put 1 random Shadow to Sleep for 2 turns.
228143,Sandman,A fairy in German folklore who carries a bag of magical sand, which puts humans to sleep when thrown into their eyes. If the victim resists, the Sandman will sit on their eyelids.,Each turn, Sandman will put 1 random Shadow to Sleep for 2 turns.
228144,Decarabia,One of the 72 demons of the Goetia, this demon appears as a pentacle. Keeper of jewels and herbal lore, Decarabia is said to have the ability to shape-shift at will.,The first time Decarabia is attacked each turn, it will counterattack, targeting all Shadows.
228151,Valkyrie,Choosers of the slain" in Norse lore. Armed with shining armor and swords	 they look for brave warriors to take to Valhalla	 so that they may fight in Ragnarok.	1. At the start of battle	 3 Warriors will appear. When the Warriors are defeated	 Valkyrie will receive a buff	 and 1 more of the same Warrior will reappear.
2. When 3 Warriors have been defeated	 the Warriors will leave and Valkyrie will appear.
228152	Setanta	A brave young man in Celtic myth. After defeating a fierce guard dog	 he volunteered to take its place	 earning him the nickname "Hound of Culann."	If Setanta is defeated	 Valkryie gains the following effect: Recover 20% of max HP at the end of each turn. Stacks up to 3 times.
228153	Cu Chulainn	A hero in Celtic folklore. He was called Setanta until he earned the name	 "Culann's Hound." There are many tales of his adventures. He received his spear	 Gae Bolg	 from his mentor	 Scathach.	If Cu Chulainn is defeated	 Valkryie gains the following effect: When using a skill	 all Phantom Thieves are inflicted with Army of Ruin: Take 30% of max HP as damage after each action. Stacks up to 3 times.
228154	Narcissus	A young man of Greek myth. He rejected the nymph Echo	 who faded to a whisper out of despair. Cursed by Nemesis	 he fell in love with his own reflection and wasted away.	If Narcissus is defeated	 Valkryie gains the following effect: When using a skill	 it performs a follow-up attack on the Phantom Thief with the lowest HP.
228161	Valkyrie	Choosers of the slain in Norse lore. Armed with shining armor and swords	 they look for brave warriors to take to Valhalla	 so that they may fight in Ragnarok.	1. At the start of battle	 3 Warriors will appear. When the Warriors are defeated	 Valkyrie will receive a buff	 and 1 more of the same Warrior will reappear.
2. When 3 Warriors have been defeated	 the Warriors will leave and Valkyrie will appear.
228162	Setanta	A brave young man in Celtic myth. After defeating a fierce guard dog	 he volunteered to take its place	 earning him the nickname "Hound of Culann."	If Setanta is defeated	 Valkryie gains the following effect: After using a skill	 its own Attack greatly increases for 2 turns. Stacks up to 3 times.
228163	Cu Chulainn	A hero in Celtic folklore. He was called Setanta until he earned the name	 "Culann's Hound." There are many tales of his adventures. He received his spear	 Gae Bolg	 from his mentor	 Scathach.	If Cu Chulainn is defeated	 Valkryie gains the following effect: After attacking	 all Phantom Thieves' damage taken increases for 2 turns. Stacks up to 3 times.
228164	Narcissus	A young man of Greek myth. He rejected the nymph Echo	 who faded to a whisper out of despair. Cursed by Nemesis	 he fell in love with his own reflection and wasted away.	If Narcissus is defeated	 Valkryie gains the following effect: When using a skill	 it performs a follow-up attack on all Phantom Thieves. Stacks up to 3 times.
229011	Kumi "Kiskil-lilla" Katayama	-	AAAAAA==
229021	Kumi "Kiskil-lilla" Katayama	-	AAAAAA==
229031	Kumi "Kiskil-lilla" Katayama	-	AAAAAA==
229041	Kumi "Kiskil-lilla" Katayama	-	AAAAAA==
229051	Kumi "Kiskil-lilla" Katayama	-	AAAAAA==
229052	Kiskil-lilla's Lower-Right Wing	-	AAAAAA==
229053	Kiskil-lilla's Lower-Left Wing	-	AAAAAA==
229054	Kiskil-lilla's Upper-Right Wing	-	AAAAAA==
229055	Kiskil-lilla's Upper-Left Wing	-	AAAAAA==
229061	Error: tnxotb-[GuaiWu_name_229061]	-	AAAAAA==
229611	Shadow Akashi	-	AAAAAA==
230011	Kikuri-Hime	The goddess of life in Shinto myth. She once mediated between Izanagi and Izanami during their confrontation in Yomi	 the land of the dead.	AAAAAA==
230012	Kikuri-Hime	The goddess of life in Shinto myth. She once mediated between Izanagi and Izanami during their confrontation in Yomi	 the land of the dead.	AAAAAA==
230013	Kushinada	A Japanese goddess. She governs fields and fertility. All of her sisters were sacrificed to Yamata-no-Orochi	 but she was saved by Susano-o and became his wife.	AAAAAA==
230014	Kushinada	A Japanese goddess. She governs fields and fertility. All of her sisters were sacrificed to Yamata-no-Orochi	 but she was saved by Susano-o and became his wife.	AAAAAA==
230021	Ose	One of the 72 demons of the Goetia	 he is known as the President of Hell. He can shape-shift from leopard to human and reveal the truth behind divine mysteries.	AAAAAA==
230022	Ose	One of the 72 demons of the Goetia	 he is known as the President of Hell. He can shape-shift from leopard to human and reveal the truth behind divine mysteries.	AAAAAA==
230023	Ose	One of the 72 demons of the Goetia	 he is known as the President of Hell. He can shape-shift from leopard to human and reveal the truth behind divine mysteries.	AAAAAA==
230024	Ose	One of the 72 demons of the Goetia	 he is known as the President of Hell. He can shape-shift from leopard to human and reveal the truth behind divine mysteries.	AAAAAA==
230031	Queen Mab	The fairy queen in Celtic myth. Often identified with Titania. She would offer mead mixed with her blood to her many consorts.	AAAAAA==
230032	Kikuri-Hime	The goddess of life in Shinto myth. She once mediated between Izanagi and Izanami during their confrontation in Yomi	 the land of the dead.	AAAAAA==
230033	Kikuri-Hime	The goddess of life in Shinto myth. She once mediated between Izanagi and Izanami during their confrontation in Yomi	 the land of the dead.	AAAAAA==
230041	Queen Mab	The fairy queen in Celtic myth. Often identified with Titania. She would offer mead mixed with her blood to her many consorts.	AAAAAA==
230042	Kushinada	A Japanese goddess. She governs fields and fertility. All of her sisters were sacrificed to Yamata-no-Orochi	 but she was saved by Susano-o and became his wife.	AAAAAA==
230043	Kushinada	A Japanese goddess. She governs fields and fertility. All of her sisters were sacrificed to Yamata-no-Orochi	 but she was saved by Susano-o and became his wife.	AAAAAA==
230051	Ganesha	The Hindu elephant-headed god. He was originally created by Parvati in order to prevent anyone from watching her bathe. Shiva batted off his original head and replaced it with an elephant's head.	AAAAAA==
230052	Ose	One of the 72 demons of the Goetia	 he is known as the President of Hell. He can shape-shift from leopard to human and reveal the truth behind divine mysteries.	AAAAAA==
230053	Ose	One of the 72 demons of the Goetia	 he is known as the President of Hell. He can shape-shift from leopard to human and reveal the truth behind divine mysteries.	AAAAAA==
230061	Ganesha	The Hindu elephant-headed god. He was originally created by Parvati in order to prevent anyone from watching her bathe. Shiva batted off his original head and replaced it with an elephant's head.	AAAAAA==
230062	Ganesha	The Hindu elephant-headed god. He was originally created by Parvati in order to prevent anyone from watching her bathe. Shiva batted off his original head and replaced it with an elephant's head.	AAAAAA==
230071	Skadi	A Norse giantess called the "snow-shoe goddess" and the embodiment of winter. According to legend	 all the gods will return to her at the end of Ragnarok.	AAAAAA==
230072	Ose	One of the 72 demons of the Goetia	 he is known as the President of Hell. He can shape-shift from leopard to human and reveal the truth behind divine mysteries.	AAAAAA==
230073	Ose	One of the 72 demons of the Goetia	 he is known as the President of Hell. He can shape-shift from leopard to human and reveal the truth behind divine mysteries.	AAAAAA==
230081	Ganesha	The Hindu elephant-headed god. He was originally created by Parvati in order to prevent anyone from watching her bathe. Shiva batted off his original head and replaced it with an elephant's head.	AAAAAA==
230082	Rangda	A wicked witch of Balinese lore	 she represents evil and is Barong's eternal rival. Even if defeated	 she will come back to life	 and their battle will have no end.	AAAAAA==
230083	Rangda	A wicked witch of Balinese lore	 she represents evil and is Barong's eternal rival. Even if defeated	 she will come back to life	 and their battle will have no end.	AAAAAA==
230091	Dominion	The sixth of the nine orders of angels. It is said that they were the first order to be created. Their duty is to protect human souls from demons.	AAAAAA==
230092	Power	The sixth of the nine orders of angels. It is said that they were the first order to be created. Their duty is to protect human souls from demons.	AAAAAA==
230101	Garuda	A divine bird-man in Hindu lore	 he once fought the gods and received immortality in exchange for becoming Vishnu's carrier.	AAAAAA==
230102	Rangda	A wicked witch of Balinese lore	 she represents evil and is Barong's eternal rival. Even if defeated	 she will come back to life	 and their battle will have no end.	AAAAAA==
230103	Rangda	A wicked witch of Balinese lore	 she represents evil and is Barong's eternal rival. Even if defeated	 she will come back to life	 and their battle will have no end.	AAAAAA==
230111	Power	The sixth of the nine orders of angels. It is said that they were the first order to be created. Their duty is to protect human souls from demons.	AAAAAA==
230112	Power	The sixth of the nine orders of angels. It is said that they were the first order to be created. Their duty is to protect human souls from demons.	AAAAAA==
230121	Garuda	A divine bird-man in Hindu lore	 he once fought the gods and received immortality in exchange for becoming Vishnu's carrier.	AAAAAA==
230122	Barong	A mystical creature in Balinese lore	 it represents good and is Rangda's eternal rival. Even if defeated	 it will be reborn. The result is a never-ending struggle.	AAAAAA==
230123	Barong	A mystical creature in Balinese lore	 it represents good and is Rangda's eternal rival. Even if defeated	 it will be reborn. The result is a never-ending struggle.	AAAAAA==
230124	Barong	A mystical creature in Balinese lore	 it represents good and is Rangda's eternal rival. Even if defeated	 it will be reborn. The result is a never-ending struggle.	AAAAAA==
230125	Barong	A mystical creature in Balinese lore	 it represents good and is Rangda's eternal rival. Even if defeated	 it will be reborn. The result is a never-ending struggle.	AAAAAA==
230131	Sarasvati	The Hindu goddess of rivers	 and patron of speech	 writing	 learning	 the arts	 and sciences. Brahma is her husband.	AAAAAA==
230132	Sarasvati	The Hindu goddess of rivers	 and patron of speech	 writing	 learning	 the arts	 and sciences. Brahma is her husband.	AAAAAA==
230133	Narcissus	A young man of Greek myth. He rejected the nymph Echo	 who faded to a whisper out of despair. Cursed by Nemesis	 he fell in love with his own reflection and wasted away.	AAAAAA==
230134	Narcissus	A young man of Greek myth. He rejected the nymph Echo	 who faded to a whisper out of despair. Cursed by Nemesis	 he fell in love with his own reflection and wasted away.	AAAAAA==
230141	Skadi	A Norse giantess called the "snow-shoe goddess" and the embodiment of winter. According to legend	 all the gods will return to her at the end of Ragnarok.	AAAAAA==
230142	Kushinada	A Japanese goddess. She governs fields and fertility. All of her sisters were sacrificed to Yamata-no-Orochi	 but she was saved by Susano-o and became his wife.	AAAAAA==
230143	Kushinada	A Japanese goddess. She governs fields and fertility. All of her sisters were sacrificed to Yamata-no-Orochi	 but she was saved by Susano-o and became his wife.	AAAAAA==
230151	Queen Mab	The fairy queen in Celtic myth. Often identified with Titania. She would offer mead mixed with her blood to her many consorts.	AAAAAA==
230152	Queen Mab	The fairy queen in Celtic myth. Often identified with Titania. She would offer mead mixed with her blood to her many consorts.	AAAAAA==
230161	Kikuri-Hime	The goddess of life in Shinto myth. She once mediated between Izanagi and Izanami during their confrontation in Yomi	 the land of the dead.	AAAAAA==
230162	Kikuri-Hime	The goddess of life in Shinto myth. She once mediated between Izanagi and Izanami during their confrontation in Yomi	 the land of the dead.	AAAAAA==
230163	Kushinada	A Japanese goddess. She governs fields and fertility. All of her sisters were sacrificed to Yamata-no-Orochi	 but she was saved by Susano-o and became his wife.	AAAAAA==
230164	Kushinada	A Japanese goddess. She governs fields and fertility. All of her sisters were sacrificed to Yamata-no-Orochi	 but she was saved by Susano-o and became his wife.	AAAAAA==
230171	Ose	One of the 72 demons of the Goetia	 he is known as the President of Hell. He can shape-shift from leopard to human and reveal the truth behind divine mysteries.	AAAAAA==
230172	Ose	One of the 72 demons of the Goetia	 he is known as the President of Hell. He can shape-shift from leopard to human and reveal the truth behind divine mysteries.	AAAAAA==
230173	Ose	One of the 72 demons of the Goetia	 he is known as the President of Hell. He can shape-shift from leopard to human and reveal the truth behind divine mysteries.	AAAAAA==
230174	Ose	One of the 72 demons of the Goetia	 he is known as the President of Hell. He can shape-shift from leopard to human and reveal the truth behind divine mysteries.	AAAAAA==
230181	Queen Mab	The fairy queen in Celtic myth. Often identified with Titania. She would offer mead mixed with her blood to her many consorts.	AAAAAA==
230182	Kikuri-Hime	The goddess of life in Shinto myth. She once mediated between Izanagi and Izanami during their confrontation in Yomi	 the land of the dead.	AAAAAA==
230183	Kikuri-Hime	The goddess of life in Shinto myth. She once mediated between Izanagi and Izanami during their confrontation in Yomi	 the land of the dead.	AAAAAA==
230191	Queen Mab	The fairy queen in Celtic myth. Often identified with Titania. She would offer mead mixed with her blood to her many consorts.	AAAAAA==
230192	Narcissus	A young man of Greek myth. He rejected the nymph Echo	 who faded to a whisper out of despair. Cursed by Nemesis	 he fell in love with his own reflection and wasted away.	AAAAAA==
230193	Narcissus	A young man of Greek myth. He rejected the nymph Echo	 who faded to a whisper out of despair. Cursed by Nemesis	 he fell in love with his own reflection and wasted away.	AAAAAA==
230201	Skadi	A Norse giantess called the "snow-shoe goddess" and the embodiment of winter. According to legend	 all the gods will return to her at the end of Ragnarok.	AAAAAA==
230202	Rangda	A wicked witch of Balinese lore	 she represents evil and is Barong's eternal rival. Even if defeated	 she will come back to life	 and their battle will have no end.	AAAAAA==
230203	Rangda	A wicked witch of Balinese lore	 she represents evil and is Barong's eternal rival. Even if defeated	 she will come back to life	 and their battle will have no end.	AAAAAA==
230211	Power	The sixth of the nine orders of angels. It is said that they were the first order to be created. Their duty is to protect human souls from demons.	AAAAAA==
230212	Narcissus	A young man of Greek myth. He rejected the nymph Echo	 who faded to a whisper out of despair. Cursed by Nemesis	 he fell in love with his own reflection and wasted away.	AAAAAA==
230213	Narcissus	A young man of Greek myth. He rejected the nymph Echo	 who faded to a whisper out of despair. Cursed by Nemesis	 he fell in love with his own reflection and wasted away.	AAAAAA==
230221	Ganesha	The Hindu elephant-headed god. He was originally created by Parvati in order to prevent anyone from watching her bathe. Shiva batted off his original head and replaced it with an elephant's head.	AAAAAA==
230222	Ganesha	The Hindu elephant-headed god. He was originally created by Parvati in order to prevent anyone from watching her bathe. Shiva batted off his original head and replaced it with an elephant's head.	AAAAAA==
230231	Skadi	A Norse giantess called the "snow-shoe goddess" and the embodiment of winter. According to legend	 all the gods will return to her at the end of Ragnarok.	AAAAAA==
230232	Narcissus	A young man of Greek myth. He rejected the nymph Echo	 who faded to a whisper out of despair. Cursed by Nemesis	 he fell in love with his own reflection and wasted away.	AAAAAA==
230233	Narcissus	A young man of Greek myth. He rejected the nymph Echo	 who faded to a whisper out of despair. Cursed by Nemesis	 he fell in love with his own reflection and wasted away.	AAAAAA==
230241	Skadi	A Norse giantess called the "snow-shoe goddess" and the embodiment of winter. According to legend	 all the gods will return to her at the end of Ragnarok.	AAAAAA==
230242	Skadi	A Norse giantess called the "snow-shoe goddess" and the embodiment of winter. According to legend	 all the gods will return to her at the end of Ragnarok.	AAAAAA==
230251	Rangda	A wicked witch of Balinese lore	 she represents evil and is Barong's eternal rival. Even if defeated	 she will come back to life	 and their battle will have no end.	AAAAAA==
230252	Rangda	A wicked witch of Balinese lore	 she represents evil and is Barong's eternal rival. Even if defeated	 she will come back to life	 and their battle will have no end.	AAAAAA==
230253	Rangda	A wicked witch of Balinese lore	 she represents evil and is Barong's eternal rival. Even if defeated	 she will come back to life	 and their battle will have no end.	AAAAAA==
230254	Rangda	A wicked witch of Balinese lore	 she represents evil and is Barong's eternal rival. Even if defeated	 she will come back to life	 and their battle will have no end.	AAAAAA==
230261	Queen Mab	The fairy queen in Celtic myth. Often identified with Titania. She would offer mead mixed with her blood to her many consorts.	AAAAAA==
230262	Narcissus	A young man of Greek myth. He rejected the nymph Echo	 who faded to a whisper out of despair. Cursed by Nemesis	 he fell in love with his own reflection and wasted away.	AAAAAA==
230263	Narcissus	A young man of Greek myth. He rejected the nymph Echo	 who faded to a whisper out of despair. Cursed by Nemesis	 he fell in love with his own reflection and wasted away.	AAAAAA==
230271	Skadi	A Norse giantess called the "snow-shoe goddess" and the embodiment of winter. According to legend	 all the gods will return to her at the end of Ragnarok.	AAAAAA==
230272	Rangda	A wicked witch of Balinese lore	 she represents evil and is Barong's eternal rival. Even if defeated	 she will come back to life	 and their battle will have no end.	AAAAAA==
230273	Rangda	A wicked witch of Balinese lore	 she represents evil and is Barong's eternal rival. Even if defeated	 she will come back to life	 and their battle will have no end.	AAAAAA==
230281	Dominion	The sixth of the nine orders of angels. It is said that they were the first order to be created. Their duty is to protect human souls from demons.	AAAAAA==
230282	Narcissus	A young man of Greek myth. He rejected the nymph Echo	 who faded to a whisper out of despair. Cursed by Nemesis	 he fell in love with his own reflection and wasted away.	AAAAAA==
230283	Narcissus	A young man of Greek myth. He rejected the nymph Echo	 who faded to a whisper out of despair. Cursed by Nemesis	 he fell in love with his own reflection and wasted away.	AAAAAA==
230291	Ganesha	The Hindu elephant-headed god. He was originally created by Parvati in order to prevent anyone from watching her bathe. Shiva batted off his original head and replaced it with an elephant's head.	AAAAAA==
230292	Ganesha	The Hindu elephant-headed god. He was originally created by Parvati in order to prevent anyone from watching her bathe. Shiva batted off his original head and replaced it with an elephant's head.	AAAAAA==
230301	Skadi	A Norse giantess called the "snow-shoe goddess" and the embodiment of winter. According to legend	 all the gods will return to her at the end of Ragnarok.	AAAAAA==
230302	Narcissus	A young man of Greek myth. He rejected the nymph Echo	 who faded to a whisper out of despair. Cursed by Nemesis	 he fell in love with his own reflection and wasted away.	AAAAAA==
230303	Narcissus	A young man of Greek myth. He rejected the nymph Echo	 who faded to a whisper out of despair. Cursed by Nemesis	 he fell in love with his own reflection and wasted away.	AAAAAA==
230311	Skadi	A Norse giantess called the "snow-shoe goddess" and the embodiment of winter. According to legend	 all the gods will return to her at the end of Ragnarok.	AAAAAA==
230312	Skadi	A Norse giantess called the "snow-shoe goddess" and the embodiment of winter. According to legend	 all the gods will return to her at the end of Ragnarok.	AAAAAA==
230321	Power	The sixth of the nine orders of angels. It is said that they were the first order to be created. Their duty is to protect human souls from demons.	AAAAAA==
230322	Narcissus	A young man of Greek myth. He rejected the nymph Echo	 who faded to a whisper out of despair. Cursed by Nemesis	 he fell in love with his own reflection and wasted away.	AAAAAA==
230323	Narcissus	A young man of Greek myth. He rejected the nymph Echo	 who faded to a whisper out of despair. Cursed by Nemesis	 he fell in love with his own reflection and wasted away.	AAAAAA==
230331	Ganesha	The Hindu elephant-headed god. He was originally created by Parvati in order to prevent anyone from watching her bathe. Shiva batted off his original head and replaced it with an elephant's head.	AAAAAA==
230332	Ganesha	The Hindu elephant-headed god. He was originally created by Parvati in order to prevent anyone from watching her bathe. Shiva batted off his original head and replaced it with an elephant's head.	AAAAAA==
230341	Garuda	A divine bird-man in Hindu lore	 he once fought the gods and received immortality in exchange for becoming Vishnu's carrier.	AAAAAA==
230342	Sarasvati	The Hindu goddess of rivers	 and patron of speech	 writing	 learning	 the arts	 and sciences. Brahma is her husband.	AAAAAA==
230343	Sarasvati	The Hindu goddess of rivers	 and patron of speech	 writing	 learning	 the arts	 and sciences. Brahma is her husband.	AAAAAA==
230351	Barong	A mystical creature in Balinese lore	 it represents good and is Rangda's eternal rival. Even if defeated	 it will be reborn. The result is a never-ending struggle.	AAAAAA==
230352	Barong	A mystical creature in Balinese lore	 it represents good and is Rangda's eternal rival. Even if defeated	 it will be reborn. The result is a never-ending struggle.	AAAAAA==
230353	Rangda	A wicked witch of Balinese lore	 she represents evil and is Barong's eternal rival. Even if defeated	 she will come back to life	 and their battle will have no end.	AAAAAA==
230354	Rangda	A wicked witch of Balinese lore	 she represents evil and is Barong's eternal rival. Even if defeated	 she will come back to life	 and their battle will have no end.	AAAAAA==
230361	Garuda	A divine bird-man in Hindu lore	 he once fought the gods and received immortality in exchange for becoming Vishnu's carrier.	AAAAAA==
230362	Garuda	A divine bird-man in Hindu lore	 he once fought the gods and received immortality in exchange for becoming Vishnu's carrier.	AAAAAA==
230371	Garuda	A divine bird-man in Hindu lore	 he once fought the gods and received immortality in exchange for becoming Vishnu's carrier.	AAAAAA==
230372	Rangda	A wicked witch of Balinese lore	 she represents evil and is Barong's eternal rival. Even if defeated	 she will come back to life	 and their battle will have no end.	AAAAAA==
230373	Rangda	A wicked witch of Balinese lore	 she represents evil and is Barong's eternal rival. Even if defeated	 she will come back to life	 and their battle will have no end.	AAAAAA==
230381	Power	The sixth of the nine orders of angels. It is said that they were the first order to be created. Their duty is to protect human souls from demons.	AAAAAA==
230382	Power	The sixth of the nine orders of angels. It is said that they were the first order to be created. Their duty is to protect human souls from demons.	AAAAAA==
230391	Garuda	A divine bird-man in Hindu lore	 he once fought the gods and received immortality in exchange for becoming Vishnu's carrier.	AAAAAA==
230392	Barong	A mystical creature in Balinese lore	 it represents good and is Rangda's eternal rival. Even if defeated	 it will be reborn. The result is a never-ending struggle.	AAAAAA==
230393	Barong	A mystical creature in Balinese lore	 it represents good and is Rangda's eternal rival. Even if defeated	 it will be reborn. The result is a never-ending struggle.	AAAAAA==
230394	Barong	A mystical creature in Balinese lore	 it represents good and is Rangda's eternal rival. Even if defeated	 it will be reborn. The result is a never-ending struggle.	AAAAAA==
230395	Barong	A mystical creature in Balinese lore	 it represents good and is Rangda's eternal rival. Even if defeated	 it will be reborn. The result is a never-ending struggle.	AAAAAA==
230401	Sarasvati	The Hindu goddess of rivers	 and patron of speech	 writing	 learning	 the arts	 and sciences. Brahma is her husband.	AAAAAA==
230402	Sarasvati	The Hindu goddess of rivers	 and patron of speech	 writing	 learning	 the arts	 and sciences. Brahma is her husband.	AAAAAA==
230403	Narcissus	A young man of Greek myth. He rejected the nymph Echo	 who faded to a whisper out of despair. Cursed by Nemesis	 he fell in love with his own reflection and wasted away.	AAAAAA==
230404	Narcissus	A young man of Greek myth. He rejected the nymph Echo	 who faded to a whisper out of despair. Cursed by Nemesis	 he fell in love with his own reflection and wasted away.	AAAAAA==
230411	Power	The sixth of the nine orders of angels. It is said that they were the first order to be created. Their duty is to protect human souls from demons.	AAAAAA==
230412	Narcissus	A young man of Greek myth. He rejected the nymph Echo	 who faded to a whisper out of despair. Cursed by Nemesis	 he fell in love with his own reflection and wasted away.	AAAAAA==
230413	Narcissus	A young man of Greek myth. He rejected the nymph Echo	 who faded to a whisper out of despair. Cursed by Nemesis	 he fell in love with his own reflection and wasted away.	AAAAAA==
230421	Ganesha	The Hindu elephant-headed god. He was originally created by Parvati in order to prevent anyone from watching her bathe. Shiva batted off his original head and replaced it with an elephant's head.	AAAAAA==
230422	Ganesha	The Hindu elephant-headed god. He was originally created by Parvati in order to prevent anyone from watching her bathe. Shiva batted off his original head and replaced it with an elephant's head.	AAAAAA==
230431	Garuda	A divine bird-man in Hindu lore	 he once fought the gods and received immortality in exchange for becoming Vishnu's carrier.	AAAAAA==
230432	Sarasvati	The Hindu goddess of rivers	 and patron of speech	 writing	 learning	 the arts	 and sciences. Brahma is her husband.	AAAAAA==
230433	Sarasvati	The Hindu goddess of rivers	 and patron of speech	 writing	 learning	 the arts	 and sciences. Brahma is her husband.	AAAAAA==
230441	Barong	A mystical creature in Balinese lore	 it represents good and is Rangda's eternal rival. Even if defeated	 it will be reborn. The result is a never-ending struggle.	AAAAAA==
230442	Barong	A mystical creature in Balinese lore	 it represents good and is Rangda's eternal rival. Even if defeated	 it will be reborn. The result is a never-ending struggle.	AAAAAA==
230443	Rangda	A wicked witch of Balinese lore	 she represents evil and is Barong's eternal rival. Even if defeated	 she will come back to life	 and their battle will have no end.	AAAAAA==
230444	Rangda	A wicked witch of Balinese lore	 she represents evil and is Barong's eternal rival. Even if defeated	 she will come back to life	 and their battle will have no end.	AAAAAA==
230451	Garuda	A divine bird-man in Hindu lore	 he once fought the gods and received immortality in exchange for becoming Vishnu's carrier.	AAAAAA==
230452	Garuda	A divine bird-man in Hindu lore	 he once fought the gods and received immortality in exchange for becoming Vishnu's carrier.	AAAAAA==
230461	Skadi	A Norse giantess called the "snow-shoe goddess" and the embodiment of winter. According to legend	 all the gods will return to her at the end of Ragnarok.	AAAAAA==
230462	Skadi	A Norse giantess called the "snow-shoe goddess" and the embodiment of winter. According to legend	 all the gods will return to her at the end of Ragnarok.	AAAAAA==
230471	Power	The sixth of the nine orders of angels. It is said that they were the first order to be created. Their duty is to protect human souls from demons.	AAAAAA==
230472	Narcissus	A young man of Greek myth. He rejected the nymph Echo	 who faded to a whisper out of despair. Cursed by Nemesis	 he fell in love with his own reflection and wasted away.	AAAAAA==
230473	Narcissus	A young man of Greek myth. He rejected the nymph Echo	 who faded to a whisper out of despair. Cursed by Nemesis	 he fell in love with his own reflection and wasted away.	AAAAAA==
230481	Ganesha	The Hindu elephant-headed god. He was originally created by Parvati in order to prevent anyone from watching her bathe. Shiva batted off his original head and replaced it with an elephant's head.	AAAAAA==
230482	Ganesha	The Hindu elephant-headed god. He was originally created by Parvati in order to prevent anyone from watching her bathe. Shiva batted off his original head and replaced it with an elephant's head.	AAAAAA==
230491	Barong	A mystical creature in Balinese lore	 it represents good and is Rangda's eternal rival. Even if defeated	 it will be reborn. The result is a never-ending struggle.	AAAAAA==
230492	Barong	A mystical creature in Balinese lore	 it represents good and is Rangda's eternal rival. Even if defeated	 it will be reborn. The result is a never-ending struggle.	AAAAAA==
230493	Rangda	A wicked witch of Balinese lore	 she represents evil and is Barong's eternal rival. Even if defeated	 she will come back to life	 and their battle will have no end.	AAAAAA==
230494	Rangda	A wicked witch of Balinese lore	 she represents evil and is Barong's eternal rival. Even if defeated	 she will come back to life	 and their battle will have no end.	AAAAAA==
230501	Garuda	A divine bird-man in Hindu lore	 he once fought the gods and received immortality in exchange for becoming Vishnu's carrier.	AAAAAA==
230502	Garuda	A divine bird-man in Hindu lore	 he once fought the gods and received immortality in exchange for becoming Vishnu's carrier.	AAAAAA==
230511	Garuda	A divine bird-man in Hindu lore	 he once fought the gods and received immortality in exchange for becoming Vishnu's carrier.	AAAAAA==
230512	Rangda	A wicked witch of Balinese lore	 she represents evil and is Barong's eternal rival. Even if defeated	 she will come back to life	 and their battle will have no end.	AAAAAA==
230513	Rangda	A wicked witch of Balinese lore	 she represents evil and is Barong's eternal rival. Even if defeated	 she will come back to life	 and their battle will have no end.	AAAAAA==
230521	Power	The sixth of the nine orders of angels. It is said that they were the first order to be created. Their duty is to protect human souls from demons.	AAAAAA==
230522	Dominion	The sixth of the nine orders of angels. It is said that they were the first order to be created. Their duty is to protect human souls from demons.	AAAAAA==
230531	Garuda	A divine bird-man in Hindu lore	 he once fought the gods and received immortality in exchange for becoming Vishnu's carrier.	AAAAAA==
230532	Barong	A mystical creature in Balinese lore	 it represents good and is Rangda's eternal rival. Even if defeated	 it will be reborn. The result is a never-ending struggle.	AAAAAA==
230533	Barong	A mystical creature in Balinese lore	 it represents good and is Rangda's eternal rival. Even if defeated	 it will be reborn. The result is a never-ending struggle.	AAAAAA==
230534	Barong	A mystical creature in Balinese lore	 it represents good and is Rangda's eternal rival. Even if defeated	 it will be reborn. The result is a never-ending struggle.	AAAAAA==
230535	Barong	A mystical creature in Balinese lore	 it represents good and is Rangda's eternal rival. Even if defeated	 it will be reborn. The result is a never-ending struggle.	AAAAAA==
236011	Queen Mab	The fairy queen in Celtic myth. Often identified with Titania. She would offer mead mixed with her blood to her many consorts.	AAAAAA==
236012	Queen Mab	The fairy queen in Celtic myth. Often identified with Titania. She would offer mead mixed with her blood to her many consorts.	AAAAAA==
236021	Queen Mab	The fairy queen in Celtic myth. Often identified with Titania. She would offer mead mixed with her blood to her many consorts.	AAAAAA==
236022	Ose	One of the 72 demons of the Goetia	 he is known as the President of Hell. He can shape-shift from leopard to human and reveal the truth behind divine mysteries.	AAAAAA==
236023	Ose	One of the 72 demons of the Goetia	 he is known as the President of Hell. He can shape-shift from leopard to human and reveal the truth behind divine mysteries.	AAAAAA==
236031	Skadi	A Norse giantess called the "snow-shoe goddess" and the embodiment of winter. According to legend	 all the gods will return to her at the end of Ragnarok.	AAAAAA==
236032	Skadi	A Norse giantess called the "snow-shoe goddess" and the embodiment of winter. According to legend	 all the gods will return to her at the end of Ragnarok.	AAAAAA==
236041	Power	The sixth of the nine orders of angels. It is said that they were the first order to be created. Their duty is to protect human souls from demons.	AAAAAA==
236042	Barong	A mystical creature in Balinese lore	 it represents good and is Rangda's eternal rival. Even if defeated	 it will be reborn. The result is a never-ending struggle.	AAAAAA==
236043	Barong	A mystical creature in Balinese lore	 it represents good and is Rangda's eternal rival. Even if defeated	 it will be reborn. The result is a never-ending struggle.	AAAAAA==
236051	Garuda	A divine bird-man in Hindu lore	 he once fought the gods and received immortality in exchange for becoming Vishnu's carrier.	AAAAAA==
236052	Garuda	A divine bird-man in Hindu lore	 he once fought the gods and received immortality in exchange for becoming Vishnu's carrier.	AAAAAA==
236061	Sarasvati	The Hindu goddess of rivers	 and patron of speech	 writing	 learning	 the arts	 and sciences. Brahma is her husband.	AAAAAA==
236062	Sarasvati	The Hindu goddess of rivers	 and patron of speech	 writing	 learning	 the arts	 and sciences. Brahma is her husband.	AAAAAA==
236063	Rangda	A wicked witch of Balinese lore	 she represents evil and is Barong's eternal rival. Even if defeated	 she will come back to life	 and their battle will have no end.	AAAAAA==
236064	Rangda	A wicked witch of Balinese lore	 she represents evil and is Barong's eternal rival. Even if defeated	 she will come back to life	 and their battle will have no end.	AAAAAA==
236071	Kushinada	A Japanese goddess. She governs fields and fertility. All of her sisters were sacrificed to Yamata-no-Orochi	 but she was saved by Susano-o and became his wife.	AAAAAA==
236072	Kushinada	A Japanese goddess. She governs fields and fertility. All of her sisters were sacrificed to Yamata-no-Orochi	 but she was saved by Susano-o and became his wife.	AAAAAA==
236081	Garuda	A divine bird-man in Hindu lore	 he once fought the gods and received immortality in exchange for becoming Vishnu's carrier.	AAAAAA==
236082	Sarasvati	The Hindu goddess of rivers	 and patron of speech	 writing	 learning	 the arts	 and sciences. Brahma is her husband.	AAAAAA==
236083	Sarasvati	The Hindu goddess of rivers	 and patron of speech	 writing	 learning	 the arts	 and sciences. Brahma is her husband.	AAAAAA==
238011	Seiryu	The noblest of the Ssu-Ling creatures of Chinese myth. It represents the direction east	 the season of spring	 and the element of wood. It dwells in a palace at the bottom of the ocean.	1. Seiryu alternates between inflicting weaknesses to Psychokinesis and Nuclear. These effects last for 2 turns.
2. When a Shadow is defeated	 Seiryu gains 1 Azure Storm stack: Damage increases by 30%. When Azure Storm reaches 6 stacks	 Seiryu deals heavy damage.
3. Every 2 turns	 Seiryu summons 1 Phoenix and 1 Leanan Sidhe. Phoenix uses Nuclear skills	 and Leanan Sidhe uses Psychokinesis skills.
238012	Phoenix	The legendary bird of Chinese myth	 said to appear only in times of peace. It is the ruler of all birds. When it dies	 birds across the land chirp with sadness.	AAAAAA==
238013	Leanan Sidhe	A beautiful fairy of Irish lore that yearns for the love of a human man. She drains the life of her lovers in return for granting them artistic inspiration.	AAAAAA==
238021	Seiryu	The noblest of the Ssu-Ling creatures of Chinese myth. It represents the direction east	 the season of spring	 and the element of wood. It dwells in a palace at the bottom of the ocean.	1. Seiryu alternates between inflicting weaknesses to Wind and Ice. These effects last for 2 turns.
2. When a Shadow is defeated	 Seiryu gains 1 Azure Storm stack: Damage increases by 30%. When Azure Storm reaches 6 stacks	 Seiryu deals heavy damage.
3. At the start of the turn	 if there are no Sudama or Kodama on the field	 1 Sudama or Kodama will be summoned.
238022	Anzu	An evil deity of Mesopotamian folklore with an eagle's body and lion's head. While the god Enlil purified himself	 Anzu stole the Tablets of Destiny from him.	AAAAAA==
238023	Sudama	A spirit of rivers and mountains in Japanese lore	 it dwells in ancient trees and ageless rocks. They are not evil	 and will often appear as humans or supernatural wonders to warn people.	When defeated	 all Shadows gain Wind Wall for 1 turn.
238024	Kodama	Japanese plant spirits born from trees that have lived for a hundred years. Cutting down one of these trees is said to cause misfortune.	When defeated	 all Shadows gain Ice Wall for 1 turn.
238031	Seiryu	The noblest of the Ssu-Ling creatures of Chinese myth. It represents the direction east	 the season of spring	 and the element of wood. It dwells in a palace at the bottom of the ocean.	1. Each turn	 Seiryu will record the attributes of damage it takes	 and on the next turn inflicts a weakness to that attribute to a Shadow.
2. When a Shadow is defeated	 Seiryu gains 1 Azure Storm stack. Azure Storm: Damage increases by 30%. When Azure Storm reaches 6 stacks	 Seiryu deals heavy damage.
238032	Saki Mitama	One of the four aspects of Shinto thought	 it brings great bounty from the hunt. It is said to aid in love	 profit	 and growth	 and can create new paths.	Use to alternate between Electric and Bless attacks.
238033	Nigi Mitama	One of the four aspects of Shinto thought	 it works gently to help maintain a calm mind. It is said to aid in one's relations and sociability	 and can lead one in a positive direction.	Use to alternate between Wind and Curse attacks.
238034	Kushi Mitama	One of the four aspects of Shinto thought	 it uses its power to bring blessings related to healing illnesses and staying healthy. It is said to have supernatural powers and cause mysterious events.	Use to alternate between Ice and Nuclear attacks.
238035	Ara Mitama	One of the four aspects of Shinto thought	 it has the power to grant ferocity. It is said to aid in one's bravery	 growth	 and endeavors	 though it can lead in a negative direction.	Use to alternate between Fire and Psychokinesis attacks.
238041	Raja Naga	The king of the Naga	 a half-man	 half-snake tribe in Hindu lore. The dragon kings Nanda and Takshaka of Buddhist myth fall into this royal category.	1. Raja Naga alternates between Royal Blessing and Royal Punishment.
2. Royal Blessing: Greatly strengthens 1 Shadow	 and when that Shadow attacks	 it can inflict Brainwash on 1 Phantom Thief.
3. Royal Punishment: Locks on to a Phantom Thief	 and deals heavy damage on the next turn. If Shadows take damage from 4 different attribute types	 the lock on will be lost.
238042	Naga	Half-snake	 half-human divine beings in Hindu lore	 worshipped as bringers of rain. They live in the bottoms of lakes and seas	 singing and dancing when they are not fighting.	AAAAAA==
238043	Naga	Half-snake	 half-human divine beings in Hindu lore	 worshipped as bringers of rain.
They live in the bottoms of lakes and seas	 singing and dancing when they are not fighting.	AAAAAA==
238051	Raja Naga	The king of the Naga	 a half-man	 half-snake tribe in Hindu lore. The dragon kings Nanda and Takshaka of Buddhist myth fall into this royal category.	1. Raja Naga alternates between Royal Blessing and Royal Punishment.
2. Royal Blessing: Greatly strengthens 1 ally Shadow	 and when that Shadow attacks	 increases all Shadows' ailment resistance.
3. Royal Punishment: Locks on to the Phantom Thief with the highest Attack	 and deals heavy damage on the next turn. If Shadows are inflicted with a total of 15 debuffs	 the lock on will be removed.
238052	Naga	Half-snake	 half-human divine beings in Hindu lore	 worshipped as bringers of rain. They live in the bottoms of lakes and seas	 singing and dancing when they are not fighting.	AAAAAA==
238053	Naga	Half-snake	 half-human divine beings in Hindu lore	 worshipped as bringers of rain. They live in the bottoms of lakes and seas	 singing and dancing when they are not fighting.	AAAAAA==
238061	Byakko	One of the Ssu-Ling	 celestial creatures of Chinese myth. It represents the direction west	 the season of autumn	 and the element of metal. He is believed to be the king of all beasts.	1. Byakko alternates between Byakko's Claw and Byakko's Fang.
2. Byakko's Claw: Deals damage to 1 target and inflicts Deep Wounds. This effect deals damage over time	 and can be removed by receiving healing 3 times.
3. Byakko's Fang: Deals damage to all targets and inflicts Bite Marks. This effect increases damage taken	 and can be removed by dealing damage 3 times.
4. At the start of each turn	 if both Deep Wounds and Bite Marks have been inflicted	 Byakko will activate Prey	 dealing heavy damage and inflicting Despair on the target.
5. Every two turns	 1 Leanan Sidhe will be summoned.
238062	Leanan Sidhe	A beautiful fairy of Irish lore that yearns for the love of a human man. She drains the life of her lovers in return for granting them artistic inspiration.	2 turns after being summoned	 inflicts a healing ban on all Phantom Thieves. Lasts for 2 turns.
238071	Byakko	One of the Ssu-Ling	 celestial creatures of Chinese myth. It represents the direction west	 the season of autumn	 and the element of metal. He is believed to be the king of all beasts.	1. Byakko alternates between Byakko's Claw and Byakko's Fang.
2. Byakko's Claw: Deals damage to 1 target and inflicts Deep Wounds. This effect deals damage over time.
3. Byakko's Fang: Deals damage to all targets and inflicts Bite Marks. This effect increases damage taken.
4. At the start of each turn	 if both Deep Wounds and Bite Marks have been inflicted	 Byakko will activate Prey	 dealing heavy damage and inflicting Despair on the target.
5. Every 2 turns	 Byakko selects 1 Sudama as Bait	 and on the next turn	 eats the Sudama	 fully restoring its HP and granting itself a buff.
238072	Sudama	A spirit of rivers and mountains in Japanese lore	 it dwells in ancient trees and ageless rocks. They are not evil	 and will often appear as humans or supernatural wonders to warn people.	When defeated	 Deep Wounds and Bite Marks are removed.
238081	Byakko	One of the Ssu-Ling	 celestial creatures of Chinese myth. It represents the direction west	 the season of autumn	 and the element of metal. He is believed to be the king of all beasts.	1. Byakko alternates between Byakko's Claw and Byakko's Fang.
Byakko's Claw: Deals damage to 1 target and inflicts Deep Wounds. This effect deals damage over time	 and can be removed by inflicting an elemental or spiritual ailment.
Byakko's Fang: Deals damage to all targets and inflicts Bite Marks. This effect increases damage taken and can be removed by activating a Highlight or Resonance.
4. At the start of each turn	 if both Deep Wounds and Bite Marks have been inflicted	 Byakko will activate Prey	 dealing heavy damage and inflicting Despair on the target.
3. Every two turns	 Byakko summons 1 Byakko's Afterimage. Byakko's Afterimage has the same skills	 but very low HP and ailment resistance.
238082	Byakko's Afterimage	-	AAAAAA==
400002	Queen's Necklace	The diamond necklace that Jeanne de la Motte swindled from jewelers in 1785 by claiming it was on behalf of the Queen of France	 Marie Antoinette.	AAAAAA==
400003	Queen's Necklace	The diamond necklace that Jeanne de la Motte swindled from jewelers in 1785 by claiming it was on behalf of the Queen of France	 Marie Antoinette.	AAAAAA==
400004	Queen's Necklace	The diamond necklace that Jeanne de la Motte swindled from jewelers in 1785 by claiming it was on behalf of the Queen of France	 Marie Antoinette.	AAAAAA==
400005	Queen's Necklace	The diamond necklace that Jeanne de la Motte swindled from jewelers in 1785 by claiming it was on behalf of the Queen of France	 Marie Antoinette.	AAAAAA==
400006	Queen's Necklace	The diamond necklace that Jeanne de la Motte swindled from jewelers in 1785 by claiming it was on behalf of the Queen of France	 Marie Antoinette.	AAAAAA==
400007	Queen's Necklace	The diamond necklace that Jeanne de la Motte swindled from jewelers in 1785 by claiming it was on behalf of the Queen of France	 Marie Antoinette.	AAAAAA==
400008	Queen's Necklace	The diamond necklace that Jeanne de la Motte swindled from jewelers in 1785 by claiming it was on behalf of the Queen of France	 Marie Antoinette.	AAAAAA==
400009	Queen's Necklace	The diamond necklace that Jeanne de la Motte swindled from jewelers in 1785 by claiming it was on behalf of the Queen of France	 Marie Antoinette.	AAAAAA==
400010	Queen's Necklace	The diamond necklace that Jeanne de la Motte swindled from jewelers in 1785 by claiming it was on behalf of the Queen of France	 Marie Antoinette.	AAAAAA==
400011	Queen's Necklace	The diamond necklace that Jeanne de la Motte swindled from jewelers in 1785 by claiming it was on behalf of the Queen of France	 Marie Antoinette.	AAAAAA==
400012	Queen's Necklace	The diamond necklace that Jeanne de la Motte swindled from jewelers in 1785 by claiming it was on behalf of the Queen of France	 Marie Antoinette.	AAAAAA==
400013	Queen's Necklace	The diamond necklace that Jeanne de la Motte swindled from jewelers in 1785 by claiming it was on behalf of the Queen of France	 Marie Antoinette.	AAAAAA==
400014	Queen's Necklace	The diamond necklace that Jeanne de la Motte swindled from jewelers in 1785 by claiming it was on behalf of the Queen of France	 Marie Antoinette.	AAAAAA==
400015	Queen's Necklace	The diamond necklace that Jeanne de la Motte swindled from jewelers in 1785 by claiming it was on behalf of the Queen of France	 Marie Antoinette.	AAAAAA==
400111	Decarabia	One of the 72 demons of the Goetia	 this demon appears as a pentacle. Keeper of jewels and herbal lore	 Decarabia is said to have the ability to shape-shift at will.	AAAAAA==
400112	Mothman	A cryptid sighted during the 60s-80s in West Virginia. It has shining red eyes and is named for the fin-like appendages on its sides. It uses its keen sense for blood to track down the source and feed on it.	AAAAAA==
400113	Mothman	A cryptid sighted during the 60s-80s in West Virginia. It has shining red eyes and is named for the fin-like appendages on its sides. It uses its keen sense for blood to track down the source and feed on it.	AAAAAA==
400141	Anzu	An evil deity of Mesopotamian folklore with an eagle's body and lion's head. While the god Enlil purified himself	 Anzu stole the Tablets of Destiny from him.	AAAAAA==
400142	Hua Po	A spirit of Chinese folklore who dwells in trees once used for hangings. She is smaller than a human and cannot speak	 but her voice is said to be as clear and as beautiful as a bird's song.	AAAAAA==
400143	Hua Po	A spirit of Chinese folklore who dwells in trees once used for hangings. She is smaller than a human and cannot speak	 but her voice is said to be as clear and as beautiful as a bird's song.	AAAAAA==
400144	Pixie	Friendly fairies of the forest that tend to hide from humans. They like to play tricks on lazy people. It is said they are the souls of dead	 unbaptized children.	AAAAAA==
400145	Pixie	Friendly fairies of the forest that tend to hide from humans. They like to play tricks on lazy people. It is said they are the souls of dead	 unbaptized children.	AAAAAA==
401111	Yaksini	A female demon in Hindu lore. Though originally a Dravidian fertility goddess	 the spread of Hinduism changed perception of her to a demonic figure. Usually depicted as a nude	 voluptuous female.	AAAAAA==
401112	Kodama	Japanese plant spirits born from trees that have lived for a hundred years. Cutting down one of these trees is said to cause misfortune.	AAAAAA==
401113	Kodama	Japanese plant spirits born from trees that have lived for a hundred years. Cutting down one of these trees is said to cause misfortune.	AAAAAA==
401141	Sudama	A spirit of rivers and mountains in Japanese lore	 it dwells in ancient trees and ageless rocks. They are not evil	 and will often appear as humans or supernatural wonders to warn people.	AAAAAA==
401142	Sudama	A spirit of rivers and mountains in Japanese lore	 it dwells in ancient trees and ageless rocks. They are not evil	 and will often appear as humans or supernatural wonders to warn people.	AAAAAA==
401143	Mandrake	A magical plant whose roots look like a human. They are valued for their healing properties in potions	 but the screams they let out when pulled from the ground will kill anyone who hears them.	AAAAAA==
401144	Mandrake	A magical plant whose roots look like a human. They are valued for their healing properties in potions	 but the screams they let out when pulled from the ground will kill anyone who hears them.	AAAAAA==
402111	Suzaku	One of the Ssu-Ling	 celestial creatures of Chinese myth. It is a giant bird that is said to chirp in five beautiful voices. It represents the direction south	 the season of summer	 and the element of fire.	AAAAAA==
402112	Suzaku	One of the Ssu-Ling	 celestial creatures of Chinese myth. It is a giant bird that is said to chirp in five beautiful voices. It represents the direction south	 the season of summer	 and the element of fire.	AAAAAA==
402113	Makami	A divine wolf god in Japanese folklore	 also written as "Oguchi-no-Magami." It is often drawn on prayer boards to prevent fires and thefts	 but it is also feared as a human-eater.	AAAAAA==
402114	Makami	A divine wolf god in Japanese folklore	 also written as "Oguchi-no-Magami." It is often drawn on prayer boards to prevent fires and thefts	 but it is also feared as a human-eater.	AAAAAA==
402141	Bicorn	An evil creature with two curving horns from European folklore. It represents impurity	 unlike the Unicorn. Said to be derived from Re'em in the Bible. Another legend says that it feeds off of loyal husbands.	AAAAAA==
402142	Bicorn	An evil creature with two curving horns from European folklore. It represents impurity	 unlike the Unicorn. Said to be derived from Re'em in the Bible. Another legend says that it feeds off of loyal husbands.	AAAAAA==
402143	Sudama	A spirit of rivers and mountains in Japanese lore	 it dwells in ancient trees and ageless rocks. They are not evil	 and will often appear as humans or supernatural wonders to warn people.	AAAAAA==
402144	Sudama	A spirit of rivers and mountains in Japanese lore	 it dwells in ancient trees and ageless rocks. They are not evil	 and will often appear as humans or supernatural wonders to warn people.	AAAAAA==
403111	Archangel	Eighth of the nine orders of angels. Their duty is to minister to humans and deliver messages. They are warriors of Heaven and lead Heaven's forces during battle with the armies of evil.	AAAAAA==
403112	Angel	Ninth of the nineorders of angels.They are closest in nature to humans.They watch over individuals and warn those who stray from the path.	AAAAAA==
403113	Koropokguru	Small human-like creatures that have kind	 calm personalities. Once coexisting with the Ainu people of Japan	 there was a falling out at some point	 and they disappeared.	AAAAAA==
403114	Koropokguru	Small human-like creatures that have kind	 calm personalities. Once coexisting with the Ainu people of Japan	 there was a falling out at some point	 and they disappeared.	AAAAAA==
403141	Shiisaa	A holy beast said to protect houses from evil and bring good fortune. They look similar to Shinto guardian dogs	 but are actually modeled after a lion. There are many stories about it in Ryukyu lore.	AAAAAA==
403142	Slime	A primitive monster with a viscous body. There are various theories as to its origin	 but it is still under debate. Said to compulsively collect shiny objects.	AAAAAA==
403143	Slime	A primitive monster with a viscous body. There are various theories as to its origin	 but it is still under debate. Said to compulsively collect shiny objects.	AAAAAA==
404111	Melchizedek	An angel of Gnosticism	 governing over peace and righteousness. Though said to be the savior of the angels	 he used to be a human	 the king of Salem.	AAAAAA==
404112	Melchizedek	An angel of Gnosticism	 governing over peace and righteousness. Though said to be the savior of the angels	 he used to be a human	 the king of Salem.	AAAAAA==
404113	Nebiros	The general of Hell. He keeps watch over other demons. One of Hell's greatest necromancers	 he can control souls and corpses.	AAAAAA==
404114	Nebiros	The general of Hell. He keeps watch over other demons. One of Hell's greatest necromancers	 he can control souls and corpses.	AAAAAA==
404141	Lilith	Said to have been Adam's first wife	 she desired to be his equal and refused to obey him. She was cast out of Eden and became a demon of the night. She is the mother of the demoness	 Lilim.	AAAAAA==
404142	Lilith	Said to have been Adam's first wife	 she desired to be his equal and refused to obey him. She was cast out of Eden and became a demon of the night. She is the mother of the demoness	 Lilim.	AAAAAA==
404143	Rangda	A wicked witch of Balinese lore	 she represents evil and is Barong's eternal rival. Even if defeated	 she will come back to life	 and their battle will have no end.	AAAAAA==
404144	Rangda	A wicked witch of Balinese lore	 she represents evil and is Barong's eternal rival. Even if defeated	 she will come back to life	 and their battle will have no end.	AAAAAA==
410111	Raja Naga	The king of the Naga	 a half-man	 half-snake tribe in Hindu lore. The dragon kings Nanda and Takshaka of Buddhist myth fall into this royal category.	AAAAAA==
410112	Quetzalcoatl	An Aztec deity known as the Feathered Serpent. He created humans with his own blood and taught them how to sustain themselves.	AAAAAA==
410141	Naga	Half-snake	 half-human divine beings in Hindu lore	 worshipped as bringers of rain. They live in the bottoms of lakes and seas	 singing and dancing when they are not fighting.	AAAAAA==
410142	Lamia	A half-human	 half-snake female monster of Greek myth	 she was once the queen of Libya. Zeus's jealous wife	 Hera	 killed her children	 causing her to go mad and transform into a monster.	AAAAAA==
420111	Power	The sixth of the nine orders of angels. It is said that they were the first order to be created. Their duty is to protect human souls from demons.	AAAAAA==
420112	Archangel	Eighth of the nine orders of angels. Their duty is to minister to humans and deliver messages. They are warriors of Heaven and lead Heaven's forces during battle with the armies of evil.	AAAAAA==
420141	Oni	An evil monster from Japanese lore known for its hideous visage and brute strength. They loot and plunder villages	 massacring the townspeople with their iron clubs. They have horns on their heads	 red skin	 long claws	 and razor-sharp teeth.	AAAAAA==
420142	Yaksini	A female demon in Hindu lore. Though originally a Dravidian fertility goddess	 the spread of Hinduism changed perception of her to a demonic figure. Usually depicted as a nude	 voluptuous female.	AAAAAA==
430111	King Frost	The king of snow who rules over an infinite number of Jack Frosts. He has the power to freeze the entire world	 but is unaware of it due to his naïve personality.	AAAAAA==
430112	Jack Frost	A winter fairy of European descent. He leaves ice patterns on windows and nips people's noses. Though normally an innocent creature	 he will freeze his victims to death if provoked.	AAAAAA==
430113	Jack Frost	A winter fairy of European descent. He leaves ice patterns on windows and nips people's noses. Though normally an innocent creature	 he will freeze his victims to death if provoked.	AAAAAA==
430141	Saki Mitama	One of the four aspects of Shinto thought	 it brings great bounty from the hunt. It is said to aid in love	 profit	 and growth	 and can create new paths.	AAAAAA==
430142	Nigi Mitama	One of the four aspects of Shinto thought	 it works gently to help maintain a calm mind. It is said to aid in one's relations and sociability	 and can lead one in a positive direction.	AAAAAA==
430143	Ara Mitama	One of the four aspects of Shinto thought	 it has the power to grant ferocity. It is said to aid in one's bravery	 growth	 and endeavors	 though it can lead in a negative direction.	AAAAAA==
440111	Belphegor	Demonic governor of the deadly sin of sloth. He also excels at invention and discovery. May be derived from Ba'al Pe'or	 Syrian god of abundant crops.	AAAAAA==
440112	Kikuri-Hime	The goddess of life in Shinto myth. She once mediated between Izanagi and Izanami during their confrontation in Yomi	 the land of the dead.	AAAAAA==
440141	Jack Frost	A winter fairy of European descent. He leaves ice patterns on windows and nips people's noses. Though normally an innocent creature	 he will freeze his victims to death if provoked.	AAAAAA==
440142	Kodama	Japanese plant spirits born from trees that have lived for a hundred years. Cutting down one of these trees is said to cause misfortune.	AAAAAA==
440143	Kodama	Japanese plant spirits born from trees that have lived for a hundred years. Cutting down one of these trees is said to cause misfortune.	AAAAAA==
441111	White Rider	One of the Four Horsemen of the Apocalypse	 he rides a white horse with a bow in hand. A crown was granted to him	 and he promises victory.	AAAAAA==
441112	Lamia	A half-human	 half-snake female monster of Greek myth	 she was once the queen of Libya. Zeus's jealous wife	 Hera	 killed her children	 causing her to go mad and transform into a monster.	AAAAAA==
441141	Ippon-Datara	A one-eyed	 one-legged monster said to live deep in the mountains of Kumano	 Japan. It's believed to be the degraded blacksmith god	 Ame no Me-Hitotsu no Kami.	AAAAAA==
441142	Koppa Tengu	A type of tengu. Their spiritual power is weaker than other tengu	 so they are much smaller. They are said to be the reincarnations of long-lived wolves.	AAAAAA==
441143	Koppa Tengu	A type of tengu. Their spiritual power is weaker than other tengu	 so they are much smaller. They are said to be the reincarnations of long-lived wolves.	AAAAAA==
442111	Cu Chulainn	A hero in Celtic folklore. He was called Setanta until he earned the name	 "Culann's Hound." There are many tales of his adventures. He received his spear	 Gae Bolg	 from his mentor	 Scathach.	AAAAAA==
442112	Phoenix	The legendary bird of Chinese myth	 said to appear only in times of peace. It is the ruler of all birds. When it dies	 birds across the land chirp with sadness.	AAAAAA==
442141	Nekomata	Long-lived cats are said to become these malevolent cat demons. Their powers vary according to how long they have lived	 ranging from shape-shifting to controlling the dead.	AAAAAA==
442142	Makami	A divine wolf god in Japanese folklore	 also written as "Oguchi-no-Magami." It is often drawn on prayer boards to prevent fires and thefts	 but it is also feared as a human-eater.	AAAAAA==
442143	Apsaras	Hindu water spirits	 they are beautiful young women who dance for the gods. They also guide heroes fallen in battle to paradise.	AAAAAA==
443111	Zouchouten	Also known as Virudhaka	 he is the protector of the South	 and is one of the four Heavenly Kings of Buddhist origin. He is the god of the five grains	 and was once the chief of the gods.	AAAAAA==
443112	Rakshasa	A Hindu demon. He is an enemy of the gods and attacks humans to feed off of them. His hideous appearance strikes fear into those who see him. Rakshasa shape-shifts to deceive his enemies.	AAAAAA==
443141	Mokoi	Evil spirits of Murngin lore believed to be reborn shadows. They kidnap and eat children	 and strike down any sorcerer who uses black magic.	AAAAAA==
443142	Inugami	A dog spirit said to possess people in Japanese lore. Those possessed are in a state of "inu-tsuki" and lose consciousness. Onmyoji use Inugami as familiars.	AAAAAA==
443143	Slime	A primitive monster with a viscous body. There are various theories as to its origin	 but it is still under debate. Said to compulsively collect shiny objects.	AAAAAA==
444111	Thoth	Egyptian moon god that takes the form of a baboon	 he is the one who measures time. He gave Isis the power to resurrect Osiris after he was killed by the evil god Seth.	AAAAAA==
444112	Isis	Osiris's wife as well as his younger sister. Upon the death of her husband	 she revived him with her incredible magic power. Isis is seen at many gravesites as the guardian goddess of the dead.	AAAAAA==
444141	Setanta	A brave young man in Celtic myth. After defeating a fierce guard dog	 he volunteered to take its place	 earning him the nickname "Hound of Culann."	AAAAAA==
444142	Ame-no-Uzume	Japanese goddess of entertainment	 she governs many sacred dances. She is most famous for luring out Amaterasu	 who had barricaded herself inside a cave.	AAAAAA==
444143	Black Ooze	A mass of malevolent intent and emotion that failed to become a true demon. All it does is eat	 prey	 and grow.	AAAAAA==
445111	Okuninushi	A Kunitsu deity in Japanese mythology that governs agriculture and medicine. He's said to have built the country of Izumo with Susano-o's daughter	 Suseri-Hime.	AAAAAA==
445112	Sarasvati	The Hindu goddess of rivers	 and patron of speech	 writing	 learning	 the arts	 and sciences. Brahma is her husband.	AAAAAA==
445141	Sui-Ki	One of the four oni controlled by Fujiwara no Chikata	 it can cause floods with the swing of its arms. In the Taiheiki	 Ki no Tomoo expelled the oni by reading a Japanese poem.	AAAAAA==
445142	Anzu	An evil deity of Mesopotamian folklore with an eagle's body and lion's head. While the god Enlil purified himself	 Anzu stole the Tablets of Destiny from him.	AAAAAA==
445143	Sudama	A spirit of rivers and mountains in Japanese lore	 it dwells in ancient trees and ageless rocks. They are not evil	 and will often appear as humans or supernatural wonders to warn people.	AAAAAA==
446111	Hell Biker	A motorcyclist whose violent nature turned him into a demon. His anger with himself and the world causes him to lash out	 that everyone else would suffer as well.	AAAAAA==
446112	Lilim	A demon who tempts sleeping men and attacks infants. She is the daughter of the demoness	 Lilith. Like her mother	 she drains men of their essence.	AAAAAA==
446141	Rakshasa	A Hindu demon. He is an enemy of the gods and attacks humans to feed off of them. His hideous appearance strikes fear into those who see him. Rakshasa shape-shifts to deceive his enemies.	AAAAAA==
446142	Onmoraki	A monstrous	 fire spitting	 Japanese bird with a man's face. It is actually a corpse that was not given a proper memorial service. They appear before monks who neglect their duties.	AAAAAA==
446143	Onmoraki	A monstrous	 fire spitting	 Japanese bird with a man's face. It is actually a corpse that was not given a proper memorial service. They appear before monks who neglect their duties.	AAAAAA==
447111	Power	The sixth of the nine orders of angels. It is said that they were the first order to be created. Their duty is to protect human souls from demons.	AAAAAA==
447112	Jikokuten	Also known as Dhritarashtra	 he is the protector of the East	 and is one of the four Heavenly Kings of Buddhist origin. He helps maintain the security of the nation.	AAAAAA==
447141	Archangel	Eighth of the nine orders of angels. Their duty is to minister to humans and deliver messages. They are warriors of Heaven and lead Heaven's forces during battle with the armies of evil.	AAAAAA==
447142	Angel	Ninth of the nineorders of angels.They are closest in nature to humans.They watch over individuals and warn those who stray from the path.	AAAAAA==
448111	Dominion	The fourth of the nine orders of angels. Their duty is to oversee the other angels. Their actions are the manifestation of God's will.	AAAAAA==
448112	Power	The sixth of the nine orders of angels. It is said that they were the first order to be created. Their duty is to protect human souls from demons.	AAAAAA==
448141	Melchizedek	An angel of Gnosticism	 governing over peace and righteousness. Though said to be the savior of the angels	 he used to be a human	 the king of Salem.	AAAAAA==
448142	Melchizedek	An angel of Gnosticism	 governing over peace and righteousness. Though said to be the savior of the angels	 he used to be a human	 the king of Salem.	AAAAAA==
449111	Surt	A fire giant in Norse lore. He rules the fire realm	 Muspelheim	 and brandishes a burning sword. At Ragnarok	 he will set the world ablaze.	AAAAAA==
449112	Baphomet	A goat-headed demon that is worshipped in Black Sabbaths. His name can be used as a catch-all term for demons in general. He would become an object of worship for witches.	AAAAAA==
449141	Nebiros	The general of Hell. He keeps watch over other demons. One of Hell's greatest necromancers	 he can control souls and corpses.	AAAAAA==
449142	Nebiros	The general of Hell. He keeps watch over other demons. One of Hell's greatest necromancers	 he can control souls and corpses.	AAAAAA==
480111	Obariyon	A "piggyback monster" of Japan that jumps on the backs of those who pass grassy paths. It is heavy and not easily removed	 but will turn into gold coins if you can carry it back home.	AAAAAA==
480112	Obariyon	A "piggyback monster" of Japan that jumps on the backs of those who pass grassy paths. It is heavy and not easily removed	 but will turn into gold coins if you can carry it back home.	AAAAAA==
480113	Obariyon	A "piggyback monster" of Japan that jumps on the backs of those who pass grassy paths. It is heavy and not easily removed	 but will turn into gold coins if you can carry it back home.	AAAAAA==
480121	Succubus	A female demon of European lore in medieval times. They visit sleeping men and have sexual intercourse with them. The victims don't wake up but may dream of the encounter.	AAAAAA==
480122	Succubus	A female demon of European lore in medieval times. They visit sleeping men and have sexual intercourse with them. The victims don't wake up but may dream of the encounter.	AAAAAA==
480123	Succubus	A female demon of European lore in medieval times. They visit sleeping men and have sexual intercourse with them. The victims don't wake up but may dream of the encounter.	AAAAAA==
480131	Jack-o'-Lantern	A drunkard who tricked the Devil out of taking him to Hell. When refused entry to Heaven	 he was forced to wander the earth with only an ember as a light.	AAAAAA==
480132	Jack-o'-Lantern	A drunkard who tricked the Devil out of taking him to Hell. When refused entry to Heaven	 he was forced to wander the earth with only an ember as a light.	AAAAAA==
480133	Jack-o'-Lantern	A drunkard who tricked the Devil out of taking him to Hell. When refused entry to Heaven	 he was forced to wander the earth with only an ember as a light.	AAAAAA==
480134	Jack-o'-Lantern	A drunkard who tricked the Devil out of taking him to Hell. When refused entry to Heaven	 he was forced to wander the earth with only an ember as a light.	AAAAAA==
480141	Bicorn	An evil creature with two curving horns from European folklore. It represents impurity	 unlike the Unicorn. Said to be derived from Re'em in the Bible. Another legend says that it feeds off of loyal husbands.	AAAAAA==
480142	Bicorn	An evil creature with two curving horns from European folklore. It represents impurity	 unlike the Unicorn. Said to be derived from Re'em in the Bible. Another legend says that it feeds off of loyal husbands.	AAAAAA==
480151	Hua Po	A spirit of Chinese folklore who dwells in trees once used for hangings. She is smaller than a human and cannot speak	 but her voice is said to be as clear and as beautiful as a bird's song.	AAAAAA==
480152	Hua Po	A spirit of Chinese folklore who dwells in trees once used for hangings. She is smaller than a human and cannot speak	 but her voice is said to be as clear and as beautiful as a bird's song.	AAAAAA==
480153	Hua Po	A spirit of Chinese folklore who dwells in trees once used for hangings. She is smaller than a human and cannot speak	 but her voice is said to be as clear and as beautiful as a bird's song.	AAAAAA==
480211	Angel	Ninth of the nineorders of angels.They are closest in nature to humans.They watch over individuals and warn those who stray from the path.	AAAAAA==
480212	Angel	Ninth of the nineorders of angels.They are closest in nature to humans.They watch over individuals and warn those who stray from the path.	AAAAAA==
480213	Angel	Ninth of the nineorders of angels.They are closest in nature to humans.They watch over individuals and warn those who stray from the path.	AAAAAA==
480221	Matador	A master sportsman who entertains the audience in exchange for his own life: one mistake can mean death. Some believe that matadors who die while performing remain in this world.	AAAAAA==
480222	Matador	A master sportsman who entertains the audience in exchange for his own life: one mistake can mean death. Some believe that matadors who die while performing remain in this world.	AAAAAA==
480223	Matador	A master sportsman who entertains the audience in exchange for his own life: one mistake can mean death. Some believe that matadors who die while performing remain in this world.	AAAAAA==
480231	Suzaku	One of the Ssu-Ling	 celestial creatures of Chinese myth. It is a giant bird that is said to chirp in five beautiful voices. It represents the direction south	 the season of summer	 and the element of fire.	AAAAAA==
480232	Suzaku	One of the Ssu-Ling	 celestial creatures of Chinese myth. It is a giant bird that is said to chirp in five beautiful voices. It represents the direction south	 the season of summer	 and the element of fire.	AAAAAA==
480241	Kodama	Japanese plant spirits born from trees that have lived for a hundred years. Cutting down one of these trees is said to cause misfortune.	AAAAAA==
480242	Kodama	Japanese plant spirits born from trees that have lived for a hundred years. Cutting down one of these trees is said to cause misfortune.	AAAAAA==
480243	Kodama	Japanese plant spirits born from trees that have lived for a hundred years. Cutting down one of these trees is said to cause misfortune.	AAAAAA==
480244	Kodama	Japanese plant spirits born from trees that have lived for a hundred years. Cutting down one of these trees is said to cause misfortune.	AAAAAA==
480251	Orobas	One of the 72 demons of the Goetia. Known as the Prince of Hell	 he appears as a horse and answers questions of the past	 present	 and future. He is faithful to his conjurer.	AAAAAA==
480252	Orobas	One of the 72 demons of the Goetia. Known as the Prince of Hell	 he appears as a horse and answers questions of the past	 present	 and future. He is faithful to his conjurer.	AAAAAA==
480311	Kin-Ki	One of the four oni controlled by Fujiwara no Chikata	 its body is so hard that no weapons can penetrate it. It and its comrades fell into hell through holes that can still be found in modern Iga.	AAAAAA==
480312	Kin-Ki	One of the four oni controlled by Fujiwara no Chikata	 its body is so hard that no weapons can penetrate it. It and its comrades fell into hell through holes that can still be found in modern Iga.	AAAAAA==
480321	Anzu	An evil deity of Mesopotamian folklore with an eagle's body and lion's head. While the god Enlil purified himself	 Anzu stole the Tablets of Destiny from him.	AAAAAA==
480322	Anzu	An evil deity of Mesopotamian folklore with an eagle's body and lion's head. While the god Enlil purified himself	 Anzu stole the Tablets of Destiny from him.	AAAAAA==
480331	Phoenix	The legendary bird of Chinese myth	 said to appear only in times of peace. It is the ruler of all birds. When it dies	 birds across the land chirp with sadness.	AAAAAA==
480332	Phoenix	The legendary bird of Chinese myth	 said to appear only in times of peace. It is the ruler of all birds. When it dies	 birds across the land chirp with sadness.	AAAAAA==
480341	Clotho	The youngest of the three Moirae Sisters of Greek legend. She spins the threads of life with her spindle.	AAAAAA==
480342	Clotho	The youngest of the three Moirae Sisters of Greek legend. She spins the threads of life with her spindle.	AAAAAA==
480343	Clotho	The youngest of the three Moirae Sisters of Greek legend. She spins the threads of life with her spindle.	AAAAAA==
480351	Fuu-Ki	One of the four oni controlled by Fujiwara no Chikata	 it sends hurricanes to blow away its enemies. Some say that Fuu-ki is the original ninja.	AAAAAA==
480352	Fuu-Ki	One of the four oni controlled by Fujiwara no Chikata	 it sends hurricanes to blow away its enemies. Some say that Fuu-ki is the original ninja.	AAAAAA==
480353	Fuu-Ki	One of the four oni controlled by Fujiwara no Chikata	 it sends hurricanes to blow away its enemies. Some say that Fuu-ki is the original ninja.	AAAAAA==
480361	Black Ooze	A mass of malevolent intent and emotion that failed to become a true demon. All it does is eat	 prey	 and grow.	AAAAAA==
480362	Black Ooze	A mass of malevolent intent and emotion that failed to become a true demon. All it does is eat	 prey	 and grow.	AAAAAA==
480363	Black Ooze	A mass of malevolent intent and emotion that failed to become a true demon. All it does is eat	 prey	 and grow.	AAAAAA==
480411	Zouchouten	Also known as Virudhaka	 he is the protector of the South	 and is one of the four Heavenly Kings of Buddhist origin. He is the god of the five grains	 and was once the chief of the gods.	AAAAAA==
480412	Zouchouten	Also known as Virudhaka	 he is the protector of the South	 and is one of the four Heavenly Kings of Buddhist origin. He is the god of the five grains	 and was once the chief of the gods.	AAAAAA==
480421	Ara Mitama	One of the four aspects of Shinto thought	 it has the power to grant ferocity. It is said to aid in one's bravery	 growth	 and endeavors	 though it can lead in a negative direction.	AAAAAA==
480422	Ara Mitama	One of the four aspects of Shinto thought	 it has the power to grant ferocity. It is said to aid in one's bravery	 growth	 and endeavors	 though it can lead in a negative direction.	AAAAAA==
480431	Jatayu	The Hindu king of birds. In the Ramayana	 he fought bravely against Ravana in an attempt to save Sita	 Rama's wife and the seventh avatar of Vishnu	 but lost.	AAAAAA==
480432	Jatayu	The Hindu king of birds. In the Ramayana	 he fought bravely against Ravana in an attempt to save Sita	 Rama's wife and the seventh avatar of Vishnu	 but lost.	AAAAAA==
480441	Mothman	A cryptid sighted during the 60s-80s in West Virginia. It has shining red eyes and is named for the fin-like appendages on its sides. It uses its keen sense for blood to track down the source and feed on it.	AAAAAA==
480442	Mothman	A cryptid sighted during the 60s-80s in West Virginia. It has shining red eyes and is named for the fin-like appendages on its sides. It uses its keen sense for blood to track down the source and feed on it.	AAAAAA==
480451	Kaiwan	A god in Assyrian legend	 his name is interchangeable with Sakkut	 another incarnation of the star-god	 Saturn.	AAAAAA==
480452	Kaiwan	A god in Assyrian legend	 his name is interchangeable with Sakkut	 another incarnation of the star-god	 Saturn.	AAAAAA==
480461	Thoth	Egyptian moon god that takes the form of a baboon	 he is the one who measures time. He gave Isis the power to resurrect Osiris after he was killed by the evil god Seth.	AAAAAA==
480462	Thoth	Egyptian moon god that takes the form of a baboon	 he is the one who measures time. He gave Isis the power to resurrect Osiris after he was killed by the evil god Seth.	AAAAAA==
480471	Mithras	A sun deity who was worshipped in the Roman Empire from the 1st to the 4th century AD. He was said to be reborn after death	 and a festival was held on the winter solstice for him.	AAAAAA==
480472	Mithras	A sun deity who was worshipped in the Roman Empire from the 1st to the 4th century AD. He was said to be reborn after death	 and a festival was held on the winter solstice for him.	AAAAAA==
480511	Dakini	Hindu deities of passion and relations. They are Kali's attendants. They eat human flesh and gather at graveyards and crematories each night. Their name means "sky dancer."	AAAAAA==
480512	Apsaras	Hindu water spirits	 they are beautiful young women who dance for the gods. They also guide heroes fallen in battle to paradise.	AAAAAA==
480521	Bugs	A Welsh creature commonly known as "Bugbear" or the "Boogeyman." Its existence is often used by mothers to scare children into behaving.	AAAAAA==
480522	Oni	An evil monster from Japanese lore known for its hideous visage and brute strength. They loot and plunder villages	 massacring the townspeople with their iron clubs. They have horns on their heads	 red skin	 long claws	 and razor-sharp teeth.	AAAAAA==
480531	Pazuzu	The Babylonian lord of wind and scorching sands. He has the body of a man	 a lion's head	 the claws and wings of an eagle	 and has a deadly poison. The diseases he spreads can only be cured with magic.	AAAAAA==
480532	Sudama	A spirit of rivers and mountains in Japanese lore	 it dwells in ancient trees and ageless rocks. They are not evil	 and will often appear as humans or supernatural wonders to warn people.	AAAAAA==
480541	Kumbhanda	A Buddhist demon said to drain human life energy. He has dark skin	 stands three meters tall	 and sometimes changes his shape to a gourd. Known to have once served Rudra	 the god of storms.	AAAAAA==
480542	Isis	Osiris's wife as well as his younger sister. Upon the death of her husband	 she revived him with her incredible magic power. Isis is seen at many gravesites as the guardian goddess of the dead.	AAAAAA==
480551	Hecatoncheires	Giants born from Uranus and Gaia. The name means "those with a hundred arms." During the war of the Titans	 Zeus freed them from the Underworld to help him obtain victory.	AAAAAA==
480561	Kushinada	A Japanese goddess. She governs fields and fertility. All of her sisters were sacrificed to Yamata-no-Orochi	 but she was saved by Susano-o and became his wife.	AAAAAA==
480562	Suzaku	One of the Ssu-Ling	 celestial creatures of Chinese myth. It is a giant bird that is said to chirp in five beautiful voices. It represents the direction south	 the season of summer	 and the element of fire.	AAAAAA==
480571	Girimehkala	A giant elephant monster of Sri Lankan myth	 it is typically portrayed as being ridden by the Evil One	 Mara. Whoever looks into its evil eye is said to be met with misfortune.	AAAAAA==
480611	Surt	A fire giant in Norse lore. He rules the fire realm	 Muspelheim	 and brandishes a burning sword. At Ragnarok	 he will set the world ablaze.	AAAAAA==
480612	High Pixie	The leader of a swarm of pixies. Any pixie in a leadership role or with remarkable power is called by this name.	AAAAAA==
480613	High Pixie	The leader of a swarm of pixies. Any pixie in a leadership role or with remarkable power is called by this name.	AAAAAA==
480621	Black Rider	One of the Four Horsemen of the Apocalypse	 he rides a black horse and carries scales. He brings famine and has the right to end lives through suffering.	AAAAAA==
480622	Isis	Osiris's wife as well as his younger sister. Upon the death of her husband	 she revived him with her incredible magic power. Isis is seen at many gravesites as the guardian goddess of the dead.	AAAAAA==
480623	Isis	Osiris's wife as well as his younger sister. Upon the death of her husband	 she revived him with her incredible magic power. Isis is seen at many gravesites as the guardian goddess of the dead.	AAAAAA==
480631	Cerberus	The guardian hound who prevents anyone from entering or exiting the underworld in Greek lore. It was born from Typhon and Echidna	 and is the older brother of Orthrus.	AAAAAA==
480632	Decarabia	One of the 72 demons of the Goetia	 this demon appears as a pentacle. Keeper of jewels and herbal lore	 Decarabia is said to have the ability to shape-shift at will.	AAAAAA==
480633	Decarabia	One of the 72 demons of the Goetia	 this demon appears as a pentacle. Keeper of jewels and herbal lore	 Decarabia is said to have the ability to shape-shift at will.	AAAAAA==
480641	Raja Naga	The king of the Naga	 a half-man	 half-snake tribe in Hindu lore. The dragon kings Nanda and Takshaka of Buddhist myth fall into this royal category.	AAAAAA==
480642	Yaksini	A female demon in Hindu lore. Though originally a Dravidian fertility goddess	 the spread of Hinduism changed perception of her to a demonic figure. Usually depicted as a nude	 voluptuous female.	AAAAAA==
480651	Barong	A mystical creature in Balinese lore	 it represents good and is Rangda's eternal rival. Even if defeated	 it will be reborn. The result is a never-ending struggle.	AAAAAA==
480652	Nekomata	Long-lived cats are said to become these malevolent cat demons. Their powers vary according to how long they have lived	 ranging from shape-shifting to controlling the dead.	AAAAAA==
480711	Quetzalcoatl	An Aztec deity known as the Feathered Serpent. He created humans with his own blood and taught them how to sustain themselves.	AAAAAA==
480712	Kodama	Japanese plant spirits born from trees that have lived for a hundred years. Cutting down one of these trees is said to cause misfortune.	AAAAAA==
480713	Kodama	Japanese plant spirits born from trees that have lived for a hundred years. Cutting down one of these trees is said to cause misfortune.	AAAAAA==
480721	Nebiros	The general of Hell. He keeps watch over other demons. One of Hell's greatest necromancers	 he can control souls and corpses.	AAAAAA==
480722	Ippon-Datara	A one-eyed	 one-legged monster said to live deep in the mountains of Kumano	 Japan. It's believed to be the degraded blacksmith god	 Ame no Me-Hitotsu no Kami.	AAAAAA==
480723	Ippon-Datara	A one-eyed	 one-legged monster said to live deep in the mountains of Kumano	 Japan. It's believed to be the degraded blacksmith god	 Ame no Me-Hitotsu no Kami.	AAAAAA==
480731	Oberon	The king of the fairies and Titania's husband. He is quite old but	 due to a curse	 his looks are that of a young boy. He often flirts with human women	 which sometimes earns him a scolding from his wife.	AAAAAA==
480732	Hua Po	A spirit of Chinese folklore who dwells in trees once used for hangings. She is smaller than a human and cannot speak	 but her voice is said to be as clear and as beautiful as a bird's song.	AAAAAA==
480733	Hua Po	A spirit of Chinese folklore who dwells in trees once used for hangings. She is smaller than a human and cannot speak	 but her voice is said to be as clear and as beautiful as a bird's song.	AAAAAA==
480741	Dionysus	The Greek god of wine and theater. He was originally a god of life protecting the mountains of Thrace. He taught humans how to make wine.	AAAAAA==
480742	Suzaku	One of the Ssu-Ling	 celestial creatures of Chinese myth. It is a giant bird that is said to chirp in five beautiful voices. It represents the direction south	 the season of summer	 and the element of fire.	AAAAAA==
480743	Suzaku	One of the Ssu-Ling	 celestial creatures of Chinese myth. It is a giant bird that is said to chirp in five beautiful voices. It represents the direction south	 the season of summer	 and the element of fire.	AAAAAA==
491111	Shadow Kiuchi	Takeyuki Kiuchi's form in the cognitive world. His appearance reflects his distorted desires.	AAAAAA==
491112	Takeyuki "Cupid" Kiuchi	Shadow Kiuchi completely distorted by desire. Having lost all sense of self	 he can no longer maintain a human form.	AAAAAA==
491113	Takeyuki "Cupid" Kiuchi	Shadow Kiuchi completely distorted by desire. Having lost all sense of self	 he can no longer maintain a human form.	AAAAAA==
491114	Takeyuki "Cupid" Kiuchi	Shadow Kiuchi completely distorted by desire. Having lost all sense of self	 he can no longer maintain a human form.	AAAAAA==
491115	Devoted Girl	Kiuchi's personal cheerleader born from his cognition. She exists solely to cheer him on.	AAAAAA==
491116	Delusional Girl	Kiuchi's personal cheerleader born from his cognition. She exists solely to cheer him on.	AAAAAA==
491117	Devoted Girl	Kiuchi's personal cheerleader born from his cognition. She exists solely to cheer him on.	AAAAAA==
491118	Delusional Girl	Kiuchi's personal cheerleader born from his cognition. She exists solely to cheer him on.	AAAAAA==
491121	Shadow Kiuchi	Takeyuki Kiuchi's form in the cognitive world. His appearance reflects his distorted desires.	AAAAAA==
491122	Takeyuki "Cupid" Kiuchi	Shadow Kiuchi completely distorted by desire. Having lost all sense of self	 he can no longer maintain a human form.	AAAAAA==
491123	Takeyuki "Cupid" Kiuchi	Shadow Kiuchi completely distorted by desire. Having lost all sense of self	 he can no longer maintain a human form.	AAAAAA==
491124	Takeyuki "Cupid" Kiuchi	Shadow Kiuchi completely distorted by desire. Having lost all sense of self	 he can no longer maintain a human form.	AAAAAA==
491125	Devoted Girl	Kiuchi's personal cheerleader born from his cognition. She exists solely to cheer him on.	AAAAAA==
491126	Delusional Girl	Kiuchi's personal cheerleader born from his cognition. She exists solely to cheer him on.	AAAAAA==
491127	Devoted Girl	Kiuchi's personal cheerleader born from his cognition. She exists solely to cheer him on.	AAAAAA==
491128	Delusional Girl	Kiuchi's personal cheerleader born from his cognition. She exists solely to cheer him on.	AAAAAA==
491131	Shadow Kiuchi	Takeyuki Kiuchi's form in the cognitive world. His appearance reflects his distorted desires.	AAAAAA==
491132	Takeyuki "Cupid" Kiuchi	Shadow Kiuchi completely distorted by desire. Having lost all sense of self	 he can no longer maintain a human form.	AAAAAA==
491133	Takeyuki "Cupid" Kiuchi	Shadow Kiuchi completely distorted by desire. Having lost all sense of self	 he can no longer maintain a human form.	AAAAAA==
491134	Takeyuki "Cupid" Kiuchi	Shadow Kiuchi completely distorted by desire. Having lost all sense of self	 he can no longer maintain a human form.	AAAAAA==
491135	Devoted Girl	Kiuchi's personal cheerleader born from his cognition. She exists solely to cheer him on.	AAAAAA==
491136	Delusional Girl	Kiuchi's personal cheerleader born from his cognition. She exists solely to cheer him on.	AAAAAA==
491137	Devoted Girl	Kiuchi's personal cheerleader born from his cognition. She exists solely to cheer him on.	AAAAAA==
491138	Delusional Girl	Kiuchi's personal cheerleader born from his cognition. She exists solely to cheer him on.	AAAAAA==
491200	Shadow Miyazawa Stunt Double	A stunt double that looks like Hiromu Miyazawa in the cognitive world.	AAAAAA==
491211	Shadow Miyazawa	Hiromu Miyazawa's form in the cognitive world. His appearance reflects his distorted desires.	AAAAAA==
491212	Shadow Miyazawa	Hiromu Miyazawa's form in the cognitive world. His appearance reflects his distorted desires.	AAAAAA==
491221	Shadow Miyazawa	Hiromu Miyazawa's form in the cognitive world. His appearance reflects his distorted desires.	AAAAAA==
491213	Hiromu "Aegipan" Miyazawa	Shadow Miyazawa completely distorted by desire. Having lost all sense of self	 he can no longer maintain a human form.	AAAAAA==
491214	Hiromu "Aegipan" Miyazawa	Shadow Miyazawa completely distorted by desire. Having lost all sense of self	 he can no longer maintain a human form.	AAAAAA==
491215	Hiromu "Aegipan" Miyazawa	Shadow Miyazawa completely distorted by desire. Having lost all sense of self	 he can no longer maintain a human form.	AAAAAA==
491222	Projector	A projector Shadow Miyazawa placed in the vicinity.	AAAAAA==
491216	Hiromu "Aegipan" Miyazawa	Shadow Miyazawa completely distorted by desire. Having lost all sense of self	 he can no longer maintain a human form.	AAAAAA==
491223	Sword of Vanity	A sword Shadow Miyazawa summoned.	AAAAAA==
491224	Sword of Vanity	A sword Shadow Miyazawa summoned.	AAAAAA==
491311	Kumi "Kiskil-lilla" Katayama	-	AAAAAA==
491321	Kumi "Kiskil-lilla" Katayama	-	AAAAAA==
491331	Kumi "Kiskil-lilla" Katayama	-	AAAAAA==
491341	Kumi "Kiskil-lilla" Katayama	-	AAAAAA==
491351	Kumi "Kiskil-lilla" Katayama	-	AAAAAA==
491352	Kiskil-lilla's Lower-Right Wing	-	AAAAAA==
491353	Kiskil-lilla's Lower-Left Wing	-	AAAAAA==
491354	Kiskil-lilla's Upper-Right Wing	-	AAAAAA==
491355	Kiskil-lilla's Upper-Left Wing	-	AAAAAA==
501011	Genbu	One of the Ssu-Ling	 celestial creatures of Chinese myth. It represents the direction north	 the season of winter	 and the element of water. Known to be a great warrior	 it supports the Earth from below.	AAAAAA==
501012	Genbu	One of the Ssu-Ling	 celestial creatures of Chinese myth. It represents the direction north	 the season of winter	 and the element of water. Known to be a great warrior	 it supports the Earth from below.	AAAAAA==
501013	Mandrake	A magical plant whose roots look like a human. They are valued for their healing properties in potions	 but the screams they let out when pulled from the ground will kill anyone who hears them.	AAAAAA==
501014	Mandrake	A magical plant whose roots look like a human. They are valued for their healing properties in potions	 but the screams they let out when pulled from the ground will kill anyone who hears them.	AAAAAA==
501021	Archangel	Eighth of the nine orders of angels. Their duty is to minister to humans and deliver messages. They are warriors of Heaven and lead Heaven's forces during battle with the armies of evil.	AAAAAA==
501022	Archangel	Eighth of the nine orders of angels. Their duty is to minister to humans and deliver messages. They are warriors of Heaven and lead Heaven's forces during battle with the armies of evil.	AAAAAA==
501023	Jack Frost	A winter fairy of European descent. He leaves ice patterns on windows and nips people's noses. Though normally an innocent creature	 he will freeze his victims to death if provoked.	AAAAAA==
501024	Jack Frost	A winter fairy of European descent. He leaves ice patterns on windows and nips people's noses. Though normally an innocent creature	 he will freeze his victims to death if provoked.	AAAAAA==
501031	Zouchouten	Also known as Virudhaka	 he is the protector of the South	 and is one of the four Heavenly Kings of Buddhist origin. He is the god of the five grains	 and was once the chief of the gods.	AAAAAA==
501032	Berith	One of the 72 demons of the Goetia. Known as the Duke of Hell	 he rides a gigantic horse and burns those without manners.	AAAAAA==
501033	Berith	One of the 72 demons of the Goetia. Known as the Duke of Hell	 he rides a gigantic horse and burns those without manners.	AAAAAA==
501034	Apsaras	Hindu water spirits	 they are beautiful young women who dance for the gods. They also guide heroes fallen in battle to paradise.	AAAAAA==
501041	Berith	One of the 72 demons of the Goetia. Known as the Duke of Hell	 he rides a gigantic horse and burns those without manners.	AAAAAA==
501042	Berith	One of the 72 demons of the Goetia. Known as the Duke of Hell	 he rides a gigantic horse and burns those without manners.	AAAAAA==
501043	Genbu	One of the Ssu-Ling	 celestial creatures of Chinese myth. It represents the direction north	 the season of winter	 and the element of water. Known to be a great warrior	 it supports the Earth from below.	AAAAAA==
501044	Genbu	One of the Ssu-Ling	 celestial creatures of Chinese myth. It represents the direction north	 the season of winter	 and the element of water. Known to be a great warrior	 it supports the Earth from below.	AAAAAA==
501051	Neko Shogun	A prophetic Taoist god	 originally known as Mao Shogun. Due to a linguistic error involving the Chinese word for "cat	 his name was changed to Neko Shogun.,AAAAAA==
501052,Neko Shogun,A prophetic Taoist god, originally known as Mao Shogun. Due to a linguistic error involving the Chinese word for cat	 his name was changed to Neko Shogun.,AAAAAA==
501053,Hua Po,A spirit of Chinese folklore who dwells in trees once used for hangings. She is smaller than a human and cannot speak, but her voice is said to be as clear and as beautiful as a bird's song.,AAAAAA==
501054,Hua Po,A spirit of Chinese folklore who dwells in trees once used for hangings. She is smaller than a human and cannot speak, but her voice is said to be as clear and as beautiful as a bird's song.,AAAAAA==
501061,Yatagarasu,A divine creature in Japanese lore. They are three-legged birds sent by Amaterasu to help humans. They are said to have helped Emperor Jinmu claim victory.,AAAAAA==
501062,Genbu,One of the Ssu-Ling, celestial creatures of Chinese myth. It represents the direction north, the season of winter, and the element of water. Known to be a great warrior, it supports the Earth from below.,AAAAAA==
501063,Genbu,One of the Ssu-Ling, celestial creatures of Chinese myth. It represents the direction north, the season of winter, and the element of water. Known to be a great warrior, it supports the Earth from below.,AAAAAA==
501064,Archangel,Eighth of the nine orders of angels. Their duty is to minister to humans and deliver messages. They are warriors of Heaven and lead Heaven's forces during battle with the armies of evil.,AAAAAA==
501065,Archangel,Eighth of the nine orders of angels. Their duty is to minister to humans and deliver messages. They are warriors of Heaven and lead Heaven's forces during battle with the armies of evil.,AAAAAA==
501071,Shiisaa,A holy beast said to protect houses from evil and bring good fortune. They look similar to Shinto guardian dogs, but are actually modeled after a lion. There are many stories about it in Ryukyu lore.,AAAAAA==
501072,Shiisaa,A holy beast said to protect houses from evil and bring good fortune. They look similar to Shinto guardian dogs, but are actually modeled after a lion. There are many stories about it in Ryukyu lore.,AAAAAA==
501073,Genbu,One of the Ssu-Ling, celestial creatures of Chinese myth. It represents the direction north, the season of winter, and the element of water. Known to be a great warrior, it supports the Earth from below.,AAAAAA==
501074,Genbu,One of the Ssu-Ling, celestial creatures of Chinese myth. It represents the direction north, the season of winter, and the element of water. Known to be a great warrior, it supports the Earth from below.,AAAAAA==
501081,Unicorn,A legendary white horse with a single spiral horn. It can only be tamed by a pure maiden, and its horn supposedly has miraculous healing capabilities.,AAAAAA==
501082,Unicorn,A legendary white horse with a single spiral horn. It can only be tamed by a pure maiden, and its horn supposedly has miraculous healing capabilities.,AAAAAA==
501083,Apsaras,Hindu water spirits, they are beautiful young women who dance for the gods. They also guide heroes fallen in battle to paradise.,AAAAAA==
501084,Apsaras,Hindu water spirits, they are beautiful young women who dance for the gods. They also guide heroes fallen in battle to paradise.,AAAAAA==
501091,Jikokuten,Also known as Dhritarashtra, he is the protector of the East, and is one of the four Heavenly Kings of Buddhist origin. He helps maintain the security of the nation.,AAAAAA==
501092,Unicorn,A legendary white horse with a single spiral horn. It can only be tamed by a pure maiden, and its horn supposedly has miraculous healing capabilities.,AAAAAA==
501093,Unicorn,A legendary white horse with a single spiral horn. It can only be tamed by a pure maiden, and its horn supposedly has miraculous healing capabilities.,AAAAAA==
501094,Jack Frost,A winter fairy of European descent. He leaves ice patterns on windows and nips people's noses. Though normally an innocent creature, he will freeze his victims to death if provoked.,AAAAAA==
501095,Jack Frost,A winter fairy of European descent. He leaves ice patterns on windows and nips people's noses. Though normally an innocent creature, he will freeze his victims to death if provoked.,AAAAAA==
501101,Cerberus,The guardian hound who prevents anyone from entering or exiting the underworld in Greek lore. It was born from Typhon and Echidna, and is the older brother of Orthrus.,Cerberus summons an endless series of servants to fight. When a servant is defeated, Cerberus takes Almighty damage. After a set number of turns, SP is restored to all Phantom Thieves.
501102,Unicorn,A legendary white horse with a single spiral horn. It can only be tamed by a pure maiden, and its horn supposedly has miraculous healing capabilities.,AAAAAA==
501103,Sudama,A spirit of rivers and mountains in Japanese lore, it dwells in ancient trees and ageless rocks. They are not evil, and will often appear as humans or supernatural wonders to warn people.,AAAAAA==
501104,Kikuri-Hime,The goddess of life in Shinto myth. She once mediated between Izanagi and Izanami during their confrontation in Yomi, the land of the dead.,AAAAAA==
501105,Unicorn,A legendary white horse with a single spiral horn. It can only be tamed by a pure maiden, and its horn supposedly has miraculous healing capabilities.,AAAAAA==
501106,Sarasvati,The Hindu goddess of rivers, and patron of speech, writing, learning, the arts, and sciences. Brahma is her husband.,AAAAAA==
501107,Neko Shogun,A prophetic Taoist god, originally known as Mao Shogun. Due to a linguistic error involving the Chinese word for cat	 his name was changed to Neko Shogun.,AAAAAA==
501111,Melchizedek,An angel of Gnosticism, governing over peace and righteousness. Though said to be the savior of the angels, he used to be a human, the king of Salem.,Each time a certain number of turns pass, Melchizedek changes its affinities, decreasing its damage taken. It also summons a servant. When the servant is defeated, the Phantom Thieves' critical rate and critical damage are increased.
501112,Ara Mitama,One of the four aspects of Shinto thought, it has the power to grant ferocity. It is said to aid in one's bravery, growth, and endeavors, though it can lead in a negative direction.,AAAAAA==
502011,Shiisaa,A holy beast said to protect houses from evil and bring good fortune. They look similar to Shinto guardian dogs, but are actually modeled after a lion. There are many stories about it in Ryukyu lore.,AAAAAA==
502012,Shiisaa,A holy beast said to protect houses from evil and bring good fortune. They look similar to Shinto guardian dogs, but are actually modeled after a lion. There are many stories about it in Ryukyu lore.,AAAAAA==
502013,Genbu,One of the Ssu-Ling, celestial creatures of Chinese myth. It represents the direction north, the season of winter, and the element of water. Known to be a great warrior, it supports the Earth from below.,AAAAAA==
502014,Genbu,One of the Ssu-Ling, celestial creatures of Chinese myth. It represents the direction north, the season of winter, and the element of water. Known to be a great warrior, it supports the Earth from below.,AAAAAA==
502021,Unicorn,A legendary white horse with a single spiral horn. It can only be tamed by a pure maiden, and its horn supposedly has miraculous healing capabilities.,AAAAAA==
502022,Unicorn,A legendary white horse with a single spiral horn. It can only be tamed by a pure maiden, and its horn supposedly has miraculous healing capabilities.,AAAAAA==
502023,Apsaras,Hindu water spirits, they are beautiful young women who dance for the gods. They also guide heroes fallen in battle to paradise.,AAAAAA==
502024,Apsaras,Hindu water spirits, they are beautiful young women who dance for the gods. They also guide heroes fallen in battle to paradise.,AAAAAA==
502031,Daisoujou,A monk who died while fasting, his spiritual power allows his body to continue to exist without rotting. It is said that he will appear before people on the day of salvation.,AAAAAA==
502032,Unicorn,A legendary white horse with a single spiral horn. It can only be tamed by a pure maiden, and its horn supposedly has miraculous healing capabilities.,AAAAAA==
502033,Unicorn,A legendary white horse with a single spiral horn. It can only be tamed by a pure maiden, and its horn supposedly has miraculous healing capabilities.,AAAAAA==
502034,Jack Frost,A winter fairy of European descent. He leaves ice patterns on windows and nips people's noses. Though normally an innocent creature, he will freeze his victims to death if provoked.,AAAAAA==
502035,Jack Frost,A winter fairy of European descent. He leaves ice patterns on windows and nips people's noses. Though normally an innocent creature, he will freeze his victims to death if provoked.,AAAAAA==
502041,Jack Frost,A winter fairy of European descent. He leaves ice patterns on windows and nips people's noses. Though normally an innocent creature, he will freeze his victims to death if provoked.,AAAAAA==
502042,Jack Frost,A winter fairy of European descent. He leaves ice patterns on windows and nips people's noses. Though normally an innocent creature, he will freeze his victims to death if provoked.,AAAAAA==
502043,Apsaras,Hindu water spirits, they are beautiful young women who dance for the gods. They also guide heroes fallen in battle to paradise.,AAAAAA==
502044,Apsaras,Hindu water spirits, they are beautiful young women who dance for the gods. They also guide heroes fallen in battle to paradise.,AAAAAA==
502051,Kodama,Japanese plant spirits born from trees that have lived for a hundred years. Cutting down one of these trees is said to cause misfortune.,AAAAAA==
502052,Kodama,Japanese plant spirits born from trees that have lived for a hundred years. Cutting down one of these trees is said to cause misfortune.,AAAAAA==
502053,Leanan Sidhe,A beautiful fairy of Irish lore that yearns for the love of a human man. She drains the life of her lovers in return for granting them artistic inspiration.,AAAAAA==
502054,Leanan Sidhe,A beautiful fairy of Irish lore that yearns for the love of a human man. She drains the life of her lovers in return for granting them artistic inspiration.,AAAAAA==
502061,Byakko,One of the Ssu-Ling, celestial creatures of Chinese myth. It represents the direction west, the season of autumn, and the element of metal. He is believed to be the king of all beasts.,AAAAAA==
502062,Leanan Sidhe,A beautiful fairy of Irish lore that yearns for the love of a human man. She drains the life of her lovers in return for granting them artistic inspiration.,AAAAAA==
502063,Leanan Sidhe,A beautiful fairy of Irish lore that yearns for the love of a human man. She drains the life of her lovers in return for granting them artistic inspiration.,AAAAAA==
502071,Eligor,One of the 72 demons of the Goetia. He looks like a knight and has the power to see things to come. He also knows much about war.,AAAAAA==
502072,Genbu,One of the Ssu-Ling, celestial creatures of Chinese myth. It represents the direction north, the season of winter, and the element of water. Known to be a great warrior, it supports the Earth from below.,AAAAAA==
502073,Genbu,One of the Ssu-Ling, celestial creatures of Chinese myth. It represents the direction north, the season of winter, and the element of water. Known to be a great warrior, it supports the Earth from below.,AAAAAA==
502081,Fuu-Ki,One of the four oni controlled by Fujiwara no Chikata, it sends hurricanes to blow away its enemies. Some say that Fuu-ki is the original ninja.,AAAAAA==
502082,Nekomata,Long-lived cats are said to become these malevolent cat demons. Their powers vary according to how long they have lived, ranging from shape-shifting to controlling the dead.,AAAAAA==
502083,Nekomata,Long-lived cats are said to become these malevolent cat demons. Their powers vary according to how long they have lived, ranging from shape-shifting to controlling the dead.,AAAAAA==
502091,Lachesis,The middle sister of the three Moirae Sisters of Greek legend. She is the apportioner, measuring the thread which determines each person's lifespan.,AAAAAA==
502092,Black Ooze,A mass of malevolent intent and emotion that failed to become a true demon. All it does is eat, prey, and grow.,AAAAAA==
502093,Black Ooze,A mass of malevolent intent and emotion that failed to become a true demon. All it does is eat, prey, and grow.,AAAAAA==
502101,Zaou-Gongen,Repeller of evil found at Kinpusen by En-no-Ozunu. Believed to be a fusion of Buddha, Guanyin, and Maitreya, he's a god who originated from Japan rather than the Buddhavacana.,AAAAAA==
502102,Archangel,Eighth of the nine orders of angels. Their duty is to minister to humans and deliver messages. They are warriors of Heaven and lead Heaven's forces during battle with the armies of evil.,AAAAAA==
502103,Archangel,Eighth of the nine orders of angels. Their duty is to minister to humans and deliver messages. They are warriors of Heaven and lead Heaven's forces during battle with the armies of evil.,AAAAAA==
502111,Oberon,The king of the fairies and Titania's husband. He is quite old but, due to a curse, his looks are that of a young boy. He often flirts with human women, which sometimes earns him a scolding from his wife.,AAAAAA==
502112,Titania,The queen of the fairies and Oberon's wife. She is derived from the Roman goddess Diana. She was later immortalized in Shakespeare's play A Midsummer Night's Dream."	AAAAAA==
502113	Leanan Sidhe	A beautiful fairy of Irish lore that yearns for the love of a human man. She drains the life of her lovers in return for granting them artistic inspiration.	AAAAAA==
502114	High Pixie	The leader of a swarm of pixies. Any pixie in a leadership role or with remarkable power is called by this name.	AAAAAA==
503011	Genbu	One of the Ssu-Ling	 celestial creatures of Chinese myth. It represents the direction north	 the season of winter	 and the element of water. Known to be a great warrior	 it supports the Earth from below.	AAAAAA==
503012	Genbu	One of the Ssu-Ling	 celestial creatures of Chinese myth. It represents the direction north	 the season of winter	 and the element of water. Known to be a great warrior	 it supports the Earth from below.	AAAAAA==
503013	Mandrake	A magical plant whose roots look like a human. They are valued for their healing properties in potions	 but the screams they let out when pulled from the ground will kill anyone who hears them.	AAAAAA==
503014	Mandrake	A magical plant whose roots look like a human. They are valued for their healing properties in potions	 but the screams they let out when pulled from the ground will kill anyone who hears them.	AAAAAA==
503021	Archangel	Eighth of the nine orders of angels. Their duty is to minister to humans and deliver messages. They are warriors of Heaven and lead Heaven's forces during battle with the armies of evil.	AAAAAA==
503022	Archangel	Eighth of the nine orders of angels. Their duty is to minister to humans and deliver messages. They are warriors of Heaven and lead Heaven's forces during battle with the armies of evil.	AAAAAA==
503023	Jack Frost	A winter fairy of European descent. He leaves ice patterns on windows and nips people's noses. Though normally an innocent creature	 he will freeze his victims to death if provoked.	AAAAAA==
503024	Jack Frost	A winter fairy of European descent. He leaves ice patterns on windows and nips people's noses. Though normally an innocent creature	 he will freeze his victims to death if provoked.	AAAAAA==
503031	Zouchouten	Also known as Virudhaka	 he is the protector of the South	 and is one of the four Heavenly Kings of Buddhist origin. He is the god of the five grains	 and was once the chief of the gods.	AAAAAA==
503032	Berith	One of the 72 demons of the Goetia. Known as the Duke of Hell	 he rides a gigantic horse and burns those without manners.	AAAAAA==
503033	Berith	One of the 72 demons of the Goetia. Known as the Duke of Hell	 he rides a gigantic horse and burns those without manners.	AAAAAA==
503034	Jack Frost	A winter fairy of European descent. He leaves ice patterns on windows and nips people's noses. Though normally an innocent creature	 he will freeze his victims to death if provoked.	AAAAAA==
503035	Jack Frost	A winter fairy of European descent. He leaves ice patterns on windows and nips people's noses. Though normally an innocent creature	 he will freeze his victims to death if provoked.	AAAAAA==
503041	Jack Frost	A winter fairy of European descent. He leaves ice patterns on windows and nips people's noses. Though normally an innocent creature	 he will freeze his victims to death if provoked.	AAAAAA==
503042	Jack Frost	A winter fairy of European descent. He leaves ice patterns on windows and nips people's noses. Though normally an innocent creature	 he will freeze his victims to death if provoked.	AAAAAA==
503043	Apsaras	Hindu water spirits	 they are beautiful young women who dance for the gods. They also guide heroes fallen in battle to paradise.	AAAAAA==
503044	Apsaras	Hindu water spirits	 they are beautiful young women who dance for the gods. They also guide heroes fallen in battle to paradise.	AAAAAA==
503051	Kodama	Japanese plant spirits born from trees that have lived for a hundred years. Cutting down one of these trees is said to cause misfortune.	AAAAAA==
503052	Kodama	Japanese plant spirits born from trees that have lived for a hundred years. Cutting down one of these trees is said to cause misfortune.	AAAAAA==
503053	Leanan Sidhe	A beautiful fairy of Irish lore that yearns for the love of a human man. She drains the life of her lovers in return for granting them artistic inspiration.	AAAAAA==
503054	Leanan Sidhe	A beautiful fairy of Irish lore that yearns for the love of a human man. She drains the life of her lovers in return for granting them artistic inspiration.	AAAAAA==
503061	White Rider	One of the Four Horsemen of the Apocalypse	 he rides a white horse with a bow in hand. A crown was granted to him	 and he promises victory.	AAAAAA==
503062	Berith	One of the 72 demons of the Goetia. Known as the Duke of Hell	 he rides a gigantic horse and burns those without manners.	AAAAAA==
503063	Berith	One of the 72 demons of the Goetia. Known as the Duke of Hell	 he rides a gigantic horse and burns those without manners.	AAAAAA==
503071	Black Rider	One of the Four Horsemen of the Apocalypse	 he rides a black horse and carries scales. He brings famine and has the right to end lives through suffering.	AAAAAA==
503072	Eligor	One of the 72 demons of the Goetia. He looks like a knight and has the power to see things to come. He also knows much about war.	AAAAAA==
503073	Eligor	One of the 72 demons of the Goetia. He looks like a knight and has the power to see things to come. He also knows much about war.	AAAAAA==
503081	Red Rider	One of the Four Horsemen of the Apocalypse	 he rides a red horse and carries a great sword. He has the power to destroy peace and make men slay one another.	AAAAAA==
503082	Black Ooze	A mass of malevolent intent and emotion that failed to become a true demon. All it does is eat	 prey	 and grow.	AAAAAA==
503083	Black Ooze	A mass of malevolent intent and emotion that failed to become a true demon. All it does is eat	 prey	 and grow.	AAAAAA==
503091	Pale Rider	One of the Four Horsemen of the Apocalypse	 he rides a pale horse and represents death. He has the power to destroy life.	AAAAAA==
503092	Eligor	One of the 72 demons of the Goetia. He looks like a knight and has the power to see things to come. He also knows much about war.	AAAAAA==
503093	Eligor	One of the 72 demons of the Goetia. He looks like a knight and has the power to see things to come. He also knows much about war.	AAAAAA==
503101	Power	The sixth of the nine orders of angels. It is said that they were the first order to be created. Their duty is to protect human souls from demons.	AAAAAA==
503102	Angel	A male demon of European lore in medieval times. They visit sleeping women and have sexual intercourse with them. The resulting children become witches or wizards.	AAAAAA==
503103	Angel	A male demon of European lore in medieval times. They visit sleeping women and have sexual intercourse with them. The resulting children become witches or wizards.	AAAAAA==
503111	Zaou-Gongen	Repeller of evil found at Kinpusen by En-no-Ozunu. Believed to be a fusion of Buddha	 Guanyin	 and Maitreya	 he's a god who originated from Japan rather than the Buddhavacana.	AAAAAA==
503112	Archangel	Eighth of the nine orders of angels. Their duty is to minister to humans and deliver messages. They are warriors of Heaven and lead Heaven's forces during battle with the armies of evil.	AAAAAA==
503113	Archangel	Eighth of the nine orders of angels. Their duty is to minister to humans and deliver messages. They are warriors of Heaven and lead Heaven's forces during battle with the armies of evil.	AAAAAA==
504011	Shiisaa	A holy beast said to protect houses from evil and bring good fortune. They look similar to Shinto guardian dogs	 but are actually modeled after a lion. There are many stories about it in Ryukyu lore.	AAAAAA==
504012	Shiisaa	A holy beast said to protect houses from evil and bring good fortune. They look similar to Shinto guardian dogs	 but are actually modeled after a lion. There are many stories about it in Ryukyu lore.	AAAAAA==
504013	Genbu	One of the Ssu-Ling	 celestial creatures of Chinese myth. It represents the direction north	 the season of winter	 and the element of water. Known to be a great warrior	 it supports the Earth from below.	AAAAAA==
504014	Genbu	One of the Ssu-Ling	 celestial creatures of Chinese myth. It represents the direction north	 the season of winter	 and the element of water. Known to be a great warrior	 it supports the Earth from below.	AAAAAA==
504021	Unicorn	A legendary white horse with a single spiral horn. It can only be tamed by a pure maiden	 and its horn supposedly has miraculous healing capabilities.	AAAAAA==
504022	Unicorn	A legendary white horse with a single spiral horn. It can only be tamed by a pure maiden	 and its horn supposedly has miraculous healing capabilities.	AAAAAA==
504023	Apsaras	Hindu water spirits	 they are beautiful young women who dance for the gods. They also guide heroes fallen in battle to paradise.	AAAAAA==
504024	Apsaras	Hindu water spirits	 they are beautiful young women who dance for the gods. They also guide heroes fallen in battle to paradise.	AAAAAA==
504031	Naga	Half-snake	 half-human divine beings in Hindu lore	 worshipped as bringers of rain. They live in the bottoms of lakes and seas	 singing and dancing when they are not fighting.	AAAAAA==
504032	Unicorn	A legendary white horse with a single spiral horn. It can only be tamed by a pure maiden	 and its horn supposedly has miraculous healing capabilities.	AAAAAA==
504033	Unicorn	A legendary white horse with a single spiral horn. It can only be tamed by a pure maiden	 and its horn supposedly has miraculous healing capabilities.	AAAAAA==
504034	Jack Frost	A winter fairy of European descent. He leaves ice patterns on windows and nips people's noses. Though normally an innocent creature	 he will freeze his victims to death if provoked.	AAAAAA==
504035	Jack Frost	A winter fairy of European descent. He leaves ice patterns on windows and nips people's noses. Though normally an innocent creature	 he will freeze his victims to death if provoked.	AAAAAA==
504041	Berith	One of the 72 demons of the Goetia. Known as the Duke of Hell	 he rides a gigantic horse and burns those without manners.	AAAAAA==
504042	Berith	One of the 72 demons of the Goetia. Known as the Duke of Hell	 he rides a gigantic horse and burns those without manners.	AAAAAA==
504043	Genbu	One of the Ssu-Ling	 celestial creatures of Chinese myth. It represents the direction north	 the season of winter	 and the element of water. Known to be a great warrior	 it supports the Earth from below.	AAAAAA==
504044	Genbu	One of the Ssu-Ling	 celestial creatures of Chinese myth. It represents the direction north	 the season of winter	 and the element of water. Known to be a great warrior	 it supports the Earth from below.	AAAAAA==
504051	Neko Shogun	A prophetic Taoist god	 originally known as Mao Shogun. Due to a linguistic error involving the Chinese word for "cat	 his name was changed to Neko Shogun.,AAAAAA==
504052,Neko Shogun,A prophetic Taoist god, originally known as Mao Shogun. Due to a linguistic error involving the Chinese word for cat	 his name was changed to Neko Shogun.,AAAAAA==
504053,Hua Po,A spirit of Chinese folklore who dwells in trees once used for hangings. She is smaller than a human and cannot speak, but her voice is said to be as clear and as beautiful as a bird's song.,AAAAAA==
504054,Hua Po,A spirit of Chinese folklore who dwells in trees once used for hangings. She is smaller than a human and cannot speak, but her voice is said to be as clear and as beautiful as a bird's song.,AAAAAA==
504061,Jikokuten,Also known as Dhritarashtra, he is the protector of the East, and is one of the four Heavenly Kings of Buddhist origin. He helps maintain the security of the nation.,AAAAAA==
504062,Apsaras,Hindu water spirits, they are beautiful young women who dance for the gods. They also guide heroes fallen in battle to paradise.,AAAAAA==
504063,Apsaras,Hindu water spirits, they are beautiful young women who dance for the gods. They also guide heroes fallen in battle to paradise.,AAAAAA==
504071,Zouchouten,Also known as Virudhaka, he is the protector of the South, and is one of the four Heavenly Kings of Buddhist origin. He is the god of the five grains, and was once the chief of the gods.,AAAAAA==
504072,Rakshasa,A Hindu demon. He is an enemy of the gods and attacks humans to feed off of them. His hideous appearance strikes fear into those who see him. Rakshasa shape-shifts to deceive his enemies.,AAAAAA==
504073,Rakshasa,A Hindu demon. He is an enemy of the gods and attacks humans to feed off of them. His hideous appearance strikes fear into those who see him. Rakshasa shape-shifts to deceive his enemies.,AAAAAA==
504081,Koumokuten,Also known as Virupaksha, he is the protector of the West, and is one of the four Heavenly Kings of Buddhist origin. He keeps a close watch on the world with his sharp gaze.,AAAAAA==
504082,Yaksini,A female demon in Hindu lore. Though originally a Dravidian fertility goddess, the spread of Hinduism changed perception of her to a demonic figure. Usually depicted as a nude, voluptuous female.,AAAAAA==
504083,Yaksini,A female demon in Hindu lore. Though originally a Dravidian fertility goddess, the spread of Hinduism changed perception of her to a demonic figure. Usually depicted as a nude, voluptuous female.,AAAAAA==
504091,Bishamonten,Also known as Tamonten and Vaishravana in Buddhist lore, he is the strongest of the Heavenly Kings. He protects the North and is the god of war.,AAAAAA==
504092,Naga,Half-snake, half-human divine beings in Hindu lore, worshipped as bringers of rain. They live in the bottoms of lakes and seas, singing and dancing when they are not fighting.,AAAAAA==
504093,Naga,Half-snake, half-human divine beings in Hindu lore, worshipped as bringers of rain. They live in the bottoms of lakes and seas, singing and dancing when they are not fighting.,AAAAAA==
504101,Bishamonten,Also known as Tamonten and Vaishravana in Buddhist lore, he is the strongest of the Heavenly Kings. He protects the North and is the god of war.,Each turn the Four Heavenly Kings will focus their Death Stare on 1 Phantom Thief. They will prioritize attacking the Phantom Thief under the Death Stare. By using Taunt skills, a Phantom Thief can transter the Death Stare to themselves.
504102,Koumokuten,Also known as Virupaksha, he is the protector of the West, and is one of the four Heavenly Kings of Buddhist origin. He keeps a close watch on the world with his sharp gaze.,Each turn the Four Heavenly Kings will focus their Death Stare on 1 Phantom Thief. They will prioritize attacking the Phantom Thief under the Death Stare. By using Taunt skills, a Phantom Thief can transter the Death Stare to themselves.
504103,Zouchouten,Also known as Virudhaka, he is the protector of the South, and is one of the four Heavenly Kings of Buddhist origin. He is the god of the five grains, and was once the chief of the gods.,Each turn the Four Heavenly Kings will focus their Death Stare on 1 Phantom Thief. They will prioritize attacking the Phantom Thief under the Death Stare. By using Taunt skills, a Phantom Thief can transter the Death Stare to themselves.
504104,Jikokuten,Also known as Dhritarashtra, he is the protector of the East, and is one of the four Heavenly Kings of Buddhist origin. He helps maintain the security of the nation.,Each turn the Four Heavenly Kings will focus their Death Stare on 1 Phantom Thief. They will prioritize attacking the Phantom Thief under the Death Stare. By using Taunt skills, a Phantom Thief can transter the Death Stare to themselves.
504111,Asura,The Hindu king of Asuras is named Maha Vairocana, or One Who Shines On All." In Buddhism	 he is known as Dainichi Nyorai.	Each turn	 Asura inflicts Vajra Curse on the 2 Phantom Thieves with the highest Attack	 greatly decreasing their damage.
504112	Yaksini	A female demon in Hindu lore. Though originally a Dravidian fertility goddess	 the spread of Hinduism changed perception of her to a demonic figure. Usually depicted as a nude	 voluptuous female.	AAAAAA==
504113	Yaksini	A female demon in Hindu lore. Though originally a Dravidian fertility goddess	 the spread of Hinduism changed perception of her to a demonic figure. Usually depicted as a nude	 voluptuous female.	AAAAAA==
505011	Archangel	Eighth of the nine orders of angels. Their duty is to minister to humans and deliver messages. They are warriors of Heaven and lead Heaven's forces during battle with the armies of evil.	AAAAAA==
505012	Archangel	Eighth of the nine orders of angels. Their duty is to minister to humans and deliver messages. They are warriors of Heaven and lead Heaven's forces during battle with the armies of evil.	AAAAAA==
505013	Obariyon	A "piggyback monster" of Japan that jumps on the backs of those who pass grassy paths. It is heavy and not easily removed	 but will turn into gold coins if you can carry it back home.	AAAAAA==
505014	Obariyon	A "piggyback monster" of Japan that jumps on the backs of those who pass grassy paths. It is heavy and not easily removed	 but will turn into gold coins if you can carry it back home.	AAAAAA==
505021	Koropokguru	Small human-like creatures that have kind	 calm personalities. Once coexisting with the Ainu people of Japan	 there was a falling out at some point	 and they disappeared.	AAAAAA==
505022	Koropokguru	Small human-like creatures that have kind	 calm personalities. Once coexisting with the Ainu people of Japan	 there was a falling out at some point	 and they disappeared.	AAAAAA==
505023	Slime	A primitive monster with a viscous body. There are various theories as to its origin	 but it is still under debate. Said to compulsively collect shiny objects.	AAAAAA==
505024	Slime	A primitive monster with a viscous body. There are various theories as to its origin	 but it is still under debate. Said to compulsively collect shiny objects.	AAAAAA==
505031	Shiisaa	A holy beast said to protect houses from evil and bring good fortune. They look similar to Shinto guardian dogs	 but are actually modeled after a lion. There are many stories about it in Ryukyu lore.	AAAAAA==
505032	Kodama	Japanese plant spirits born from trees that have lived for a hundred years. Cutting down one of these trees is said to cause misfortune.	AAAAAA==
505033	Kodama	Japanese plant spirits born from trees that have lived for a hundred years. Cutting down one of these trees is said to cause misfortune.	AAAAAA==
505034	Koropokguru	Small human-like creatures that have kind	 calm personalities. Once coexisting with the Ainu people of Japan	 there was a falling out at some point	 and they disappeared.	AAAAAA==
505035	Koropokguru	Small human-like creatures that have kind	 calm personalities. Once coexisting with the Ainu people of Japan	 there was a falling out at some point	 and they disappeared.	AAAAAA==
505041	Berith	One of the 72 demons of the Goetia. Known as the Duke of Hell	 he rides a gigantic horse and burns those without manners.	AAAAAA==
505042	Berith	One of the 72 demons of the Goetia. Known as the Duke of Hell	 he rides a gigantic horse and burns those without manners.	AAAAAA==
505043	Angel	Ninth of the nineorders of angels.They are closest in nature to humans.They watch over individuals and warn those who stray from the path.	AAAAAA==
505044	Angel	Ninth of the nineorders of angels.They are closest in nature to humans.They watch over individuals and warn those who stray from the path.	AAAAAA==
505051	Orobas	One of the 72 demons of the Goetia. Known as the Prince of Hell	 he appears as a horse and answers questions of the past	 present	 and future. He is faithful to his conjurer.	AAAAAA==
505052	Orobas	One of the 72 demons of the Goetia. Known as the Prince of Hell	 he appears as a horse and answers questions of the past	 present	 and future. He is faithful to his conjurer.	AAAAAA==
505053	Shiisaa	A holy beast said to protect houses from evil and bring good fortune. They look similar to Shinto guardian dogs	 but are actually modeled after a lion. There are many stories about it in Ryukyu lore.	AAAAAA==
505054	Shiisaa	A holy beast said to protect houses from evil and bring good fortune. They look similar to Shinto guardian dogs	 but are actually modeled after a lion. There are many stories about it in Ryukyu lore.	AAAAAA==
505061	Eligor	One of the 72 demons of the Goetia. He looks like a knight and has the power to see things to come. He also knows much about war.	AAAAAA==
505062	Berith	One of the 72 demons of the Goetia. Known as the Duke of Hell	 he rides a gigantic horse and burns those without manners.	AAAAAA==
505063	Berith	One of the 72 demons of the Goetia. Known as the Duke of Hell	 he rides a gigantic horse and burns those without manners.	AAAAAA==
505071	Sui-Ki	One of the four oni controlled by Fujiwara no Chikata	 it can cause floods with the swing of its arms. In the Taiheiki	 Ki no Tomoo expelled the oni by reading a Japanese poem.	AAAAAA==
505072	Apsaras	Hindu water spirits	 they are beautiful young women who dance for the gods. They also guide heroes fallen in battle to paradise.	AAAAAA==
505073	Apsaras	Hindu water spirits	 they are beautiful young women who dance for the gods. They also guide heroes fallen in battle to paradise.	AAAAAA==
505081	Kin-Ki	One of the four oni controlled by Fujiwara no Chikata	 its body is so hard that no weapons can penetrate it. It and its comrades fell into hell through holes that can still be found in modern Iga.	AAAAAA==
505082	Shiisaa	A holy beast said to protect houses from evil and bring good fortune. They look similar to Shinto guardian dogs	 but are actually modeled after a lion. There are many stories about it in Ryukyu lore.	AAAAAA==
505083	Shiisaa	A holy beast said to protect houses from evil and bring good fortune. They look similar to Shinto guardian dogs	 but are actually modeled after a lion. There are many stories about it in Ryukyu lore.	AAAAAA==
505091	Fuu-Ki	One of the four oni controlled by Fujiwara no Chikata	 it sends hurricanes to blow away its enemies. Some say that Fuu-ki is the original ninja.	AAAAAA==
505092	Orobas	One of the 72 demons of the Goetia. Known as the Prince of Hell	 he appears as a horse and answers questions of the past	 present	 and future. He is faithful to his conjurer.	AAAAAA==
505093	Orobas	One of the 72 demons of the Goetia. Known as the Prince of Hell	 he appears as a horse and answers questions of the past	 present	 and future. He is faithful to his conjurer.	AAAAAA==
505101	Zaou-Gongen	Repeller of evil found at Kinpusen by En-no-Ozunu. Believed to be a fusion of Buddha	 Guanyin	 and Maitreya	 he's a god who originated from Japan rather than the Buddhavacana.	1. At the start of battle	 Zaou-Gongen gains 15 Vajra Shield stacks. Each stack decreases damage taken by 5%.
2. When Zaou-Gongen takes damage from a skill or Resonance	 it loses 1 Vajra Shield stack.
3. When Zaou-Gongen loses all Vajra Shield stacks	 all Phantom Thieves gain Demon Power	 increasing their damage.
505102	Archangel	Eighth of the nine orders of angels. Their duty is to minister to humans and deliver messages. They are warriors of Heaven and lead Heaven's forces during battle with the armies of evil.	AAAAAA==
505103	Archangel	Eighth of the nine orders of angels. Their duty is to minister to humans and deliver messages. They are warriors of Heaven and lead Heaven's forces during battle with the armies of evil.	AAAAAA==
505111	Bishamonten	Also known as Tamonten and Vaishravana in Buddhist lore	 he is the strongest of the Heavenly Kings. He protects the North and is the god of war.	Each turn the Four Heavenly Kings will focus their Death Stare on 1 Phantom Thief. They will prioritize attacking the Phantom Thief under the Death Stare. By using Taunt skills	 a Phantom Thief can transter the Death Stare to themselves.
505112	Koumokuten	Also known as Virupaksha	 he is the protector of the West	 and is one of the four Heavenly Kings of Buddhist origin. He keeps a close watch on the world with his sharp gaze.	Each turn the Four Heavenly Kings will focus their Death Stare on 1 Phantom Thief. They will prioritize attacking the Phantom Thief under the Death Stare. By using Taunt skills	 a Phantom Thief can transter the Death Stare to themselves.
505113	Zouchouten	Also known as Virudhaka	 he is the protector of the South	 and is one of the four Heavenly Kings of Buddhist origin. He is the god of the five grains	 and was once the chief of the gods.	Each turn the Four Heavenly Kings will focus their Death Stare on 1 Phantom Thief. They will prioritize attacking the Phantom Thief under the Death Stare. By using Taunt skills	 a Phantom Thief can transter the Death Stare to themselves.
505114	Jikokuten	Also known as Dhritarashtra	 he is the protector of the East	 and is one of the four Heavenly Kings of Buddhist origin. He helps maintain the security of the nation.	Each turn the Four Heavenly Kings will focus their Death Stare on 1 Phantom Thief. They will prioritize attacking the Phantom Thief under the Death Stare. By using Taunt skills	 a Phantom Thief can transter the Death Stare to themselves.
506011	Slime	A primitive monster with a viscous body. There are various theories as to its origin	 but it is still under debate. Said to compulsively collect shiny objects.	AAAAAA==
506012	Slime	A primitive monster with a viscous body. There are various theories as to its origin	 but it is still under debate. Said to compulsively collect shiny objects.	AAAAAA==
506013	Obariyon	A "piggyback monster" of Japan that jumps on the backs of those who pass grassy paths. It is heavy and not easily removed	 but will turn into gold coins if you can carry it back home.	AAAAAA==
506014	Obariyon	A "piggyback monster" of Japan that jumps on the backs of those who pass grassy paths. It is heavy and not easily removed	 but will turn into gold coins if you can carry it back home.	AAAAAA==
506021	Shiisaa	A holy beast said to protect houses from evil and bring good fortune. They look similar to Shinto guardian dogs	 but are actually modeled after a lion. There are many stories about it in Ryukyu lore.	AAAAAA==
506022	Shiisaa	A holy beast said to protect houses from evil and bring good fortune. They look similar to Shinto guardian dogs	 but are actually modeled after a lion. There are many stories about it in Ryukyu lore.	AAAAAA==
506023	Koppa Tengu	A type of tengu. Their spiritual power is weaker than other tengu	 so they are much smaller. They are said to be the reincarnations of long-lived wolves.	AAAAAA==
506024	Koppa Tengu	A type of tengu. Their spiritual power is weaker than other tengu	 so they are much smaller. They are said to be the reincarnations of long-lived wolves.	AAAAAA==
506031	Eligor	One of the 72 demons of the Goetia. He looks like a knight and has the power to see things to come. He also knows much about war.	AAAAAA==
506032	Shiisaa	A holy beast said to protect houses from evil and bring good fortune. They look similar to Shinto guardian dogs	 but are actually modeled after a lion. There are many stories about it in Ryukyu lore.	AAAAAA==
506033	Shiisaa	A holy beast said to protect houses from evil and bring good fortune. They look similar to Shinto guardian dogs	 but are actually modeled after a lion. There are many stories about it in Ryukyu lore.	AAAAAA==
506034	Kushi Mitama	One of the four aspects of Shinto thought	 it uses its power to bring blessings related to healing illnesses and staying healthy. It is said to have supernatural powers and cause mysterious events.	AAAAAA==
506035	Kushi Mitama	One of the four aspects of Shinto thought	 it uses its power to bring blessings related to healing illnesses and staying healthy. It is said to have supernatural powers and cause mysterious events.	AAAAAA==
506041	Eligor	One of the 72 demons of the Goetia. He looks like a knight and has the power to see things to come. He also knows much about war.	AAAAAA==
506042	Eligor	One of the 72 demons of the Goetia. He looks like a knight and has the power to see things to come. He also knows much about war.	AAAAAA==
506043	High Pixie	The leader of a swarm of pixies. Any pixie in a leadership role or with remarkable power is called by this name.	AAAAAA==
506044	High Pixie	The leader of a swarm of pixies. Any pixie in a leadership role or with remarkable power is called by this name.	AAAAAA==
506051	Yaksini	A female demon in Hindu lore. Though originally a Dravidian fertility goddess	 the spread of Hinduism changed perception of her to a demonic figure. Usually depicted as a nude	 voluptuous female.	AAAAAA==
506052	Yaksini	A female demon in Hindu lore. Though originally a Dravidian fertility goddess	 the spread of Hinduism changed perception of her to a demonic figure. Usually depicted as a nude	 voluptuous female.	AAAAAA==
506053	Leanan Sidhe	A beautiful fairy of Irish lore that yearns for the love of a human man. She drains the life of her lovers in return for granting them artistic inspiration.	AAAAAA==
506054	Leanan Sidhe	A beautiful fairy of Irish lore that yearns for the love of a human man. She drains the life of her lovers in return for granting them artistic inspiration.	AAAAAA==
506061	Jikokuten	Also known as Dhritarashtra	 he is the protector of the East	 and is one of the four Heavenly Kings of Buddhist origin. He helps maintain the security of the nation.	AAAAAA==
506062	High Pixie	The leader of a swarm of pixies. Any pixie in a leadership role or with remarkable power is called by this name.	AAAAAA==
506063	High Pixie	The leader of a swarm of pixies. Any pixie in a leadership role or with remarkable power is called by this name.	AAAAAA==
506071	Zouchouten	Also known as Virudhaka	 he is the protector of the South	 and is one of the four Heavenly Kings of Buddhist origin. He is the god of the five grains	 and was once the chief of the gods.	AAAAAA==
506072	Sudama	A spirit of rivers and mountains in Japanese lore	 it dwells in ancient trees and ageless rocks. They are not evil	 and will often appear as humans or supernatural wonders to warn people.	AAAAAA==
506073	Sudama	A spirit of rivers and mountains in Japanese lore	 it dwells in ancient trees and ageless rocks. They are not evil	 and will often appear as humans or supernatural wonders to warn people.	AAAAAA==
506081	Koumokuten	Also known as Virupaksha	 he is the protector of the West	 and is one of the four Heavenly Kings of Buddhist origin. He keeps a close watch on the world with his sharp gaze.	AAAAAA==
506082	Leanan Sidhe	A beautiful fairy of Irish lore that yearns for the love of a human man. She drains the life of her lovers in return for granting them artistic inspiration.	AAAAAA==
506083	Leanan Sidhe	A beautiful fairy of Irish lore that yearns for the love of a human man. She drains the life of her lovers in return for granting them artistic inspiration.	AAAAAA==
506091	Bishamonten	Also known as Tamonten and Vaishravana in Buddhist lore	 he is the strongest of the Heavenly Kings. He protects the North and is the god of war.	AAAAAA==
506092	Yaksini	A female demon in Hindu lore. Though originally a Dravidian fertility goddess	 the spread of Hinduism changed perception of her to a demonic figure. Usually depicted as a nude	 voluptuous female.	AAAAAA==
506093	Yaksini	A female demon in Hindu lore. Though originally a Dravidian fertility goddess	 the spread of Hinduism changed perception of her to a demonic figure. Usually depicted as a nude	 voluptuous female.	AAAAAA==
506101	Seiryu	The noblest of the Ssu-Ling creatures of Chinese myth. It represents the direction east	 the season of spring	 and the element of wood. It dwells in a palace at the bottom of the ocean.	1. At the start of battle	 Seiryu gains 2 Azure Scales stacks	 and gains 1 more stack every turn. Each stack decreases damage taken by 15%.
2. When Seiryu takes weakness damage	 it loses 1 Azure Scales stack.
3. When Seiryu loses all Azure Scales stacks	 all Phantom Thieves gain Azure Power	 increasing their damage.
506111	Bishamonten	Also known as Tamonten and Vaishravana in Buddhist lore	 he is the strongest of the Heavenly Kings. He protects the North and is the god of war.	Each turn the Four Heavenly Kings will focus their Death Stare on 1 Phantom Thief. They will prioritize attacking the Phantom Thief under the Death Stare. By using Taunt skills	 a Phantom Thief can transter the Death Stare to themselves.
506112	Koumokuten	Also known as Virupaksha	 he is the protector of the West	 and is one of the four Heavenly Kings of Buddhist origin. He keeps a close watch on the world with his sharp gaze.	Each turn the Four Heavenly Kings will focus their Death Stare on 1 Phantom Thief. They will prioritize attacking the Phantom Thief under the Death Stare. By using Taunt skills	 a Phantom Thief can transter the Death Stare to themselves.
506113	Zouchouten	Also known as Virudhaka	 he is the protector of the South	 and is one of the four Heavenly Kings of Buddhist origin. He is the god of the five grains	 and was once the chief of the gods.	Each turn the Four Heavenly Kings will focus their Death Stare on 1 Phantom Thief. They will prioritize attacking the Phantom Thief under the Death Stare. By using Taunt skills	 a Phantom Thief can transter the Death Stare to themselves.
506114	Jikokuten	Also known as Dhritarashtra	 he is the protector of the East	 and is one of the four Heavenly Kings of Buddhist origin. He helps maintain the security of the nation.	Each turn the Four Heavenly Kings will focus their Death Stare on 1 Phantom Thief. They will prioritize attacking the Phantom Thief under the Death Stare. By using Taunt skills	 a Phantom Thief can transter the Death Stare to themselves.
507011	Slime	A primitive monster with a viscous body. There are various theories as to its origin	 but it is still under debate. Said to compulsively collect shiny objects.	AAAAAA==
507012	Slime	A primitive monster with a viscous body. There are various theories as to its origin	 but it is still under debate. Said to compulsively collect shiny objects.	AAAAAA==
507013	Obariyon	A "piggyback monster" of Japan that jumps on the backs of those who pass grassy paths. It is heavy and not easily removed	 but will turn into gold coins if you can carry it back home.	AAAAAA==
507014	Obariyon	A "piggyback monster" of Japan that jumps on the backs of those who pass grassy paths. It is heavy and not easily removed	 but will turn into gold coins if you can carry it back home.	AAAAAA==
507021	Shiisaa	A holy beast said to protect houses from evil and bring good fortune. They look similar to Shinto guardian dogs	 but are actually modeled after a lion. There are many stories about it in Ryukyu lore.	AAAAAA==
507022	Shiisaa	A holy beast said to protect houses from evil and bring good fortune. They look similar to Shinto guardian dogs	 but are actually modeled after a lion. There are many stories about it in Ryukyu lore.	AAAAAA==
507023	Koppa Tengu	A type of tengu. Their spiritual power is weaker than other tengu	 so they are much smaller. They are said to be the reincarnations of long-lived wolves.	AAAAAA==
507024	Koppa Tengu	A type of tengu. Their spiritual power is weaker than other tengu	 so they are much smaller. They are said to be the reincarnations of long-lived wolves.	AAAAAA==
507031	Eligor	One of the 72 demons of the Goetia. He looks like a knight and has the power to see things to come. He also knows much about war.	AAAAAA==
507032	Shiisaa	A holy beast said to protect houses from evil and bring good fortune. They look similar to Shinto guardian dogs	 but are actually modeled after a lion. There are many stories about it in Ryukyu lore.	AAAAAA==
507033	Shiisaa	A holy beast said to protect houses from evil and bring good fortune. They look similar to Shinto guardian dogs	 but are actually modeled after a lion. There are many stories about it in Ryukyu lore.	AAAAAA==
507034	Kushi Mitama	One of the four aspects of Shinto thought	 it uses its power to bring blessings related to healing illnesses and staying healthy. It is said to have supernatural powers and cause mysterious events.	AAAAAA==
507035	Kushi Mitama	One of the four aspects of Shinto thought	 it uses its power to bring blessings related to healing illnesses and staying healthy. It is said to have supernatural powers and cause mysterious events.	AAAAAA==
507041	Eligor	One of the 72 demons of the Goetia. He looks like a knight and has the power to see things to come. He also knows much about war.	AAAAAA==
507042	Eligor	One of the 72 demons of the Goetia. He looks like a knight and has the power to see things to come. He also knows much about war.	AAAAAA==
507043	High Pixie	The leader of a swarm of pixies. Any pixie in a leadership role or with remarkable power is called by this name.	AAAAAA==
507044	High Pixie	The leader of a swarm of pixies. Any pixie in a leadership role or with remarkable power is called by this name.	AAAAAA==
507051	Yaksini	A female demon in Hindu lore. Though originally a Dravidian fertility goddess	 the spread of Hinduism changed perception of her to a demonic figure. Usually depicted as a nude	 voluptuous female.	AAAAAA==
507052	Yaksini	A female demon in Hindu lore. Though originally a Dravidian fertility goddess	 the spread of Hinduism changed perception of her to a demonic figure. Usually depicted as a nude	 voluptuous female.	AAAAAA==
507053	Leanan Sidhe	A beautiful fairy of Irish lore that yearns for the love of a human man. She drains the life of her lovers in return for granting them artistic inspiration.	AAAAAA==
507054	Leanan Sidhe	A beautiful fairy of Irish lore that yearns for the love of a human man. She drains the life of her lovers in return for granting them artistic inspiration.	AAAAAA==
507061	Jikokuten	Also known as Dhritarashtra	 he is the protector of the East	 and is one of the four Heavenly Kings of Buddhist origin. He helps maintain the security of the nation.	AAAAAA==
507062	High Pixie	The leader of a swarm of pixies. Any pixie in a leadership role or with remarkable power is called by this name.	AAAAAA==
507063	High Pixie	The leader of a swarm of pixies. Any pixie in a leadership role or with remarkable power is called by this name.	AAAAAA==
507071	Zouchouten	Also known as Virudhaka	 he is the protector of the South	 and is one of the four Heavenly Kings of Buddhist origin. He is the god of the five grains	 and was once the chief of the gods.	AAAAAA==
507072	Sudama	A spirit of rivers and mountains in Japanese lore	 it dwells in ancient trees and ageless rocks. They are not evil	 and will often appear as humans or supernatural wonders to warn people.	AAAAAA==
507073	Sudama	A spirit of rivers and mountains in Japanese lore	 it dwells in ancient trees and ageless rocks. They are not evil	 and will often appear as humans or supernatural wonders to warn people.	AAAAAA==
507081	Koumokuten	Also known as Virupaksha	 he is the protector of the West	 and is one of the four Heavenly Kings of Buddhist origin. He keeps a close watch on the world with his sharp gaze.	AAAAAA==
507082	Leanan Sidhe	A beautiful fairy of Irish lore that yearns for the love of a human man. She drains the life of her lovers in return for granting them artistic inspiration.	AAAAAA==
507083	Leanan Sidhe	A beautiful fairy of Irish lore that yearns for the love of a human man. She drains the life of her lovers in return for granting them artistic inspiration.	AAAAAA==
507091	Bishamonten	Also known as Tamonten and Vaishravana in Buddhist lore	 he is the strongest of the Heavenly Kings. He protects the North and is the god of war.	AAAAAA==
507092	Yaksini	A female demon in Hindu lore. Though originally a Dravidian fertility goddess	 the spread of Hinduism changed perception of her to a demonic figure. Usually depicted as a nude	 voluptuous female.	AAAAAA==
507093	Yaksini	A female demon in Hindu lore. Though originally a Dravidian fertility goddess	 the spread of Hinduism changed perception of her to a demonic figure. Usually depicted as a nude	 voluptuous female.	AAAAAA==
507101	Baphomet	A goat-headed demon that is worshipped in Black Sabbaths. His name can be used as a catch-all term for demons in general. He would become an object of worship for witches.	1. Baphomet will summon minions during the battle. When a minion is defeated	 Baphomet takes Almighty damage based on the minion's max HP.
2. Baphomet will restore all Phantom Thieves' SP each turn	 but also inflicts Demonic Curse on the Phantom Thief with the highest Attack	 greatly decreasing their damage.
507102	Incubus	A male demon of European lore in medieval times. They visit sleeping women and have sexual intercourse with them. The resulting children become witches or wizards.	AAAAAA==
507103	Incubus	A male demon of European lore in medieval times. They visit sleeping women and have sexual intercourse with them. The resulting children become witches or wizards.	AAAAAA==
507111	Seiryu	The noblest of the Ssu-Ling creatures of Chinese myth. It represents the direction east	 the season of spring	 and the element of wood. It dwells in a palace at the bottom of the ocean.	1. At the start of battle	 Seiryu gains 2 Azure Scales stacks	 and gains 1 more stack every turn. Each stack decreases damage taken by 15%.
2. When Seiryu takes weakness damage	 it loses 1 Azure Scales stack.
3. When Seiryu loses all Azure Scales stacks	 all Phantom Thieves gain Azure Power	 increasing their damage.
508011	Slime	A primitive monster with a viscous body. There are various theories as to its origin	 but it is still under debate. Said to compulsively collect shiny objects.	AAAAAA==
508012	Slime	A primitive monster with a viscous body. There are various theories as to its origin	 but it is still under debate. Said to compulsively collect shiny objects.	AAAAAA==
508013	Obariyon	A "piggyback monster" of Japan that jumps on the backs of those who pass grassy paths. It is heavy and not easily removed	 but will turn into gold coins if you can carry it back home.	AAAAAA==
508014	Obariyon	A "piggyback monster" of Japan that jumps on the backs of those who pass grassy paths. It is heavy and not easily removed	 but will turn into gold coins if you can carry it back home.	AAAAAA==
508021	Shiisaa	A holy beast said to protect houses from evil and bring good fortune. They look similar to Shinto guardian dogs	 but are actually modeled after a lion. There are many stories about it in Ryukyu lore.	AAAAAA==
508022	Shiisaa	A holy beast said to protect houses from evil and bring good fortune. They look similar to Shinto guardian dogs	 but are actually modeled after a lion. There are many stories about it in Ryukyu lore.	AAAAAA==
508023	Koppa Tengu	A type of tengu. Their spiritual power is weaker than other tengu	 so they are much smaller. They are said to be the reincarnations of long-lived wolves.	AAAAAA==
508024	Koppa Tengu	A type of tengu. Their spiritual power is weaker than other tengu	 so they are much smaller. They are said to be the reincarnations of long-lived wolves.	AAAAAA==
508031	Eligor	One of the 72 demons of the Goetia. He looks like a knight and has the power to see things to come. He also knows much about war.	AAAAAA==
508032	Shiisaa	A holy beast said to protect houses from evil and bring good fortune. They look similar to Shinto guardian dogs	 but are actually modeled after a lion. There are many stories about it in Ryukyu lore.	AAAAAA==
508033	Shiisaa	A holy beast said to protect houses from evil and bring good fortune. They look similar to Shinto guardian dogs	 but are actually modeled after a lion. There are many stories about it in Ryukyu lore.	AAAAAA==
508034	Kushi Mitama	One of the four aspects of Shinto thought	 it uses its power to bring blessings related to healing illnesses and staying healthy. It is said to have supernatural powers and cause mysterious events.	AAAAAA==
508035	Kushi Mitama	One of the four aspects of Shinto thought	 it uses its power to bring blessings related to healing illnesses and staying healthy. It is said to have supernatural powers and cause mysterious events.	AAAAAA==
508041	Eligor	One of the 72 demons of the Goetia. He looks like a knight and has the power to see things to come. He also knows much about war.	AAAAAA==
508042	Eligor	One of the 72 demons of the Goetia. He looks like a knight and has the power to see things to come. He also knows much about war.	AAAAAA==
508043	High Pixie	The leader of a swarm of pixies. Any pixie in a leadership role or with remarkable power is called by this name.	AAAAAA==
508044	High Pixie	The leader of a swarm of pixies. Any pixie in a leadership role or with remarkable power is called by this name.	AAAAAA==
508051	Yaksini	A female demon in Hindu lore. Though originally a Dravidian fertility goddess	 the spread of Hinduism changed perception of her to a demonic figure. Usually depicted as a nude	 voluptuous female.	AAAAAA==
508052	Yaksini	A female demon in Hindu lore. Though originally a Dravidian fertility goddess	 the spread of Hinduism changed perception of her to a demonic figure. Usually depicted as a nude	 voluptuous female.	AAAAAA==
508053	Leanan Sidhe	A beautiful fairy of Irish lore that yearns for the love of a human man. She drains the life of her lovers in return for granting them artistic inspiration.	AAAAAA==
508054	Leanan Sidhe	A beautiful fairy of Irish lore that yearns for the love of a human man. She drains the life of her lovers in return for granting them artistic inspiration.	AAAAAA==
508061	Jikokuten	Also known as Dhritarashtra	 he is the protector of the East	 and is one of the four Heavenly Kings of Buddhist origin. He helps maintain the security of the nation.	AAAAAA==
508062	High Pixie	The leader of a swarm of pixies. Any pixie in a leadership role or with remarkable power is called by this name.	AAAAAA==
508063	High Pixie	The leader of a swarm of pixies. Any pixie in a leadership role or with remarkable power is called by this name.	AAAAAA==
508071	Zouchouten	Also known as Virudhaka	 he is the protector of the South	 and is one of the four Heavenly Kings of Buddhist origin. He is the god of the five grains	 and was once the chief of the gods.	AAAAAA==
508072	Sudama	A spirit of rivers and mountains in Japanese lore	 it dwells in ancient trees and ageless rocks. They are not evil	 and will often appear as humans or supernatural wonders to warn people.	AAAAAA==
508073	Sudama	A spirit of rivers and mountains in Japanese lore	 it dwells in ancient trees and ageless rocks. They are not evil	 and will often appear as humans or supernatural wonders to warn people.	AAAAAA==
508081	Koumokuten	Also known as Virupaksha	 he is the protector of the West	 and is one of the four Heavenly Kings of Buddhist origin. He keeps a close watch on the world with his sharp gaze.	AAAAAA==
508082	Leanan Sidhe	A beautiful fairy of Irish lore that yearns for the love of a human man. She drains the life of her lovers in return for granting them artistic inspiration.	AAAAAA==
508083	Leanan Sidhe	A beautiful fairy of Irish lore that yearns for the love of a human man. She drains the life of her lovers in return for granting them artistic inspiration.	AAAAAA==
508091	Bishamonten	Also known as Tamonten and Vaishravana in Buddhist lore	 he is the strongest of the Heavenly Kings. He protects the North and is the god of war.	AAAAAA==
508092	Yaksini	A female demon in Hindu lore. Though originally a Dravidian fertility goddess	 the spread of Hinduism changed perception of her to a demonic figure. Usually depicted as a nude	 voluptuous female.	AAAAAA==
508093	Yaksini	A female demon in Hindu lore. Though originally a Dravidian fertility goddess	 the spread of Hinduism changed perception of her to a demonic figure. Usually depicted as a nude	 voluptuous female.	AAAAAA==
508101	Seiryu	The noblest of the Ssu-Ling creatures of Chinese myth. It represents the direction east	 the season of spring	 and the element of wood. It dwells in a palace at the bottom of the ocean.	1. At the start of battle	 Seiryu gains 2 Azure Scales stacks	 and gains 1 more stack every turn. Each stack decreases damage taken by 15%.
2. When Seiryu takes weakness damage	 it loses 1 Azure Scales stack.
3. When Seiryu loses all Azure Scales stacks	 all Phantom Thieves gain Azure Power	 increasing their damage.
508111	Sraosha	In Zoroastrian lore	 Sraosha's duty is to listen to the cry of humans for Ahura Mazda. He is also known to descend after sunset to vanquish evil. His name literally means "observance."	1. Sraosha will summon servants during the battle. When a servant is defeated	 Sraosha takes Almighty damage based on the servant's max HP.
2. Sraosha will restore all Phantom Thieves' SP each turn	 but also uses Debilitate on the Phantom Thief with the highest Attack	 greatly decreasing their damage.
3. When a servant loses a Down Point	 all Phantom Thieves' damage is increased by 15%. Lasts for 1 turn.
508112	Apsaras	Hindu water spirits	 they are beautiful young women who dance for the gods. They also guide heroes fallen in battle to paradise.	AAAAAA==
508113	Apsaras	Hindu water spirits	 they are beautiful young women who dance for the gods. They also guide heroes fallen in battle to paradise.	AAAAAA==
509011	Slime	A primitive monster with a viscous body. There are various theories as to its origin	 but it is still under debate. Said to compulsively collect shiny objects.	AAAAAA==
509012	Slime	A primitive monster with a viscous body. There are various theories as to its origin	 but it is still under debate. Said to compulsively collect shiny objects.	AAAAAA==
509013	Obariyon	A "piggyback monster" of Japan that jumps on the backs of those who pass grassy paths. It is heavy and not easily removed	 but will turn into gold coins if you can carry it back home.	AAAAAA==
509014	Obariyon	A "piggyback monster" of Japan that jumps on the backs of those who pass grassy paths. It is heavy and not easily removed	 but will turn into gold coins if you can carry it back home.	AAAAAA==
509021	Orobas	One of the 72 demons of the Goetia. Known as the Prince of Hell	 he appears as a horse and answers questions of the past	 present	 and future. He is faithful to his conjurer.	AAAAAA==
509022	Orobas	One of the 72 demons of the Goetia. Known as the Prince of Hell	 he appears as a horse and answers questions of the past	 present	 and future. He is faithful to his conjurer.	AAAAAA==
509023	Koppa Tengu	A type of tengu. Their spiritual power is weaker than other tengu	 so they are much smaller. They are said to be the reincarnations of long-lived wolves.	AAAAAA==
509024	Koppa Tengu	A type of tengu. Their spiritual power is weaker than other tengu	 so they are much smaller. They are said to be the reincarnations of long-lived wolves.	AAAAAA==
509031	Eligor	One of the 72 demons of the Goetia. He looks like a knight and has the power to see things to come. He also knows much about war.	AAAAAA==
509032	Orobas	One of the 72 demons of the Goetia. Known as the Prince of Hell	 he appears as a horse and answers questions of the past	 present	 and future. He is faithful to his conjurer.	AAAAAA==
509033	Orobas	One of the 72 demons of the Goetia. Known as the Prince of Hell	 he appears as a horse and answers questions of the past	 present	 and future. He is faithful to his conjurer.	AAAAAA==
509034	Kushi Mitama	One of the four aspects of Shinto thought	 it uses its power to bring blessings related to healing illnesses and staying healthy. It is said to have supernatural powers and cause mysterious events.	AAAAAA==
509035	Kushi Mitama	One of the four aspects of Shinto thought	 it uses its power to bring blessings related to healing illnesses and staying healthy. It is said to have supernatural powers and cause mysterious events.	AAAAAA==
509041	Eligor	One of the 72 demons of the Goetia. He looks like a knight and has the power to see things to come. He also knows much about war.	AAAAAA==
509042	Eligor	One of the 72 demons of the Goetia. He looks like a knight and has the power to see things to come. He also knows much about war.	AAAAAA==
509043	High Pixie	The leader of a swarm of pixies. Any pixie in a leadership role or with remarkable power is called by this name.	AAAAAA==
509044	High Pixie	The leader of a swarm of pixies. Any pixie in a leadership role or with remarkable power is called by this name.	AAAAAA==
509051	Yaksini	A female demon in Hindu lore. Though originally a Dravidian fertility goddess	 the spread of Hinduism changed perception of her to a demonic figure. Usually depicted as a nude	 voluptuous female.	AAAAAA==
509052	Yaksini	A female demon in Hindu lore. Though originally a Dravidian fertility goddess	 the spread of Hinduism changed perception of her to a demonic figure. Usually depicted as a nude	 voluptuous female.	AAAAAA==
509053	Leanan Sidhe	A beautiful fairy of Irish lore that yearns for the love of a human man. She drains the life of her lovers in return for granting them artistic inspiration.	AAAAAA==
509054	Leanan Sidhe	A beautiful fairy of Irish lore that yearns for the love of a human man. She drains the life of her lovers in return for granting them artistic inspiration.	AAAAAA==
509061	Oni	An evil monster from Japanese lore known for its hideous visage and brute strength. They loot and plunder villages	 massacring the townspeople with their iron clubs. They have horns on their heads	 red skin	 long claws	 and razor-sharp teeth.	AAAAAA==
509062	High Pixie	The leader of a swarm of pixies. Any pixie in a leadership role or with remarkable power is called by this name.	AAAAAA==
509063	High Pixie	The leader of a swarm of pixies. Any pixie in a leadership role or with remarkable power is called by this name.	AAAAAA==
509071	Fuu-Ki	One of the four oni controlled by Fujiwara no Chikata	 it sends hurricanes to blow away its enemies. Some say that Fuu-ki is the original ninja.	AAAAAA==
509072	Sudama	A spirit of rivers and mountains in Japanese lore	 it dwells in ancient trees and ageless rocks. They are not evil	 and will often appear as humans or supernatural wonders to warn people.	AAAAAA==
509073	Sudama	A spirit of rivers and mountains in Japanese lore	 it dwells in ancient trees and ageless rocks. They are not evil	 and will often appear as humans or supernatural wonders to warn people.	AAAAAA==
509081	Sui-Ki	One of the four oni controlled by Fujiwara no Chikata	 it can cause floods with the swing of its arms. In the Taiheiki	 Ki no Tomoo expelled the oni by reading a Japanese poem.	AAAAAA==
509082	Leanan Sidhe	A beautiful fairy of Irish lore that yearns for the love of a human man. She drains the life of her lovers in return for granting them artistic inspiration.	AAAAAA==
509083	Leanan Sidhe	A beautiful fairy of Irish lore that yearns for the love of a human man. She drains the life of her lovers in return for granting them artistic inspiration.	AAAAAA==
509091	Kin-Ki	One of the four oni controlled by Fujiwara no Chikata	 its body is so hard that no weapons can penetrate it. It and its comrades fell into hell through holes that can still be found in modern Iga.	AAAAAA==
509092	Oni	An evil monster from Japanese lore known for its hideous visage and brute strength. They loot and plunder villages	 massacring the townspeople with their iron clubs. They have horns on their heads	 red skin	 long claws	 and razor-sharp teeth.	AAAAAA==
509093	Oni	An evil monster from Japanese lore known for its hideous visage and brute strength. They loot and plunder villages	 massacring the townspeople with their iron clubs. They have horns on their heads	 red skin	 long claws	 and razor-sharp teeth.	AAAAAA==
509101	Baphomet	A goat-headed demon that is worshipped in Black Sabbaths. His name can be used as a catch-all term for demons in general. He would become an object of worship for witches.	1. Baphomet will summon minions during the battle. When a minion is defeated	 Baphomet takes Almighty damage based on the minion's max HP.
2. Baphomet will restore all Phantom Thieves' SP each turn	 but also inflicts Demonic Curse on the Phantom Thief with the highest Attack	 greatly decreasing their damage.
3. When a minion is knocked down	 all Phantom Thieves' damage is increased by 15% for 1 turn.
509102	Incubus	A male demon of European lore in medieval times. They visit sleeping women and have sexual intercourse with them. The resulting children become witches or wizards.	AAAAAA==
509103	Incubus	A male demon of European lore in medieval times. They visit sleeping women and have sexual intercourse with them. The resulting children become witches or wizards.	AAAAAA==
509111	Seiryu	The noblest of the Ssu-Ling creatures of Chinese myth. It represents the direction east	 the season of spring	 and the element of wood. It dwells in a palace at the bottom of the ocean.	1. At the start of battle	 Seiryu gains 2 Azure Scales stacks	 and gains 1 more stack every turn. Each stack decreases damage taken by 15%.
2. When Seiryu takes weakness damage	 it loses 1 Azure Scales stack.
3. When Seiryu loses all Azure Scales stacks	 all Phantom Thieves gain Azure Power	 increasing their damage.
510011	Slime	A primitive monster with a viscous body. There are various theories as to its origin	 but it is still under debate. Said to compulsively collect shiny objects.	AAAAAA==
510012	Slime	A primitive monster with a viscous body. There are various theories as to its origin	 but it is still under debate. Said to compulsively collect shiny objects.	AAAAAA==
510013	Obariyon	A "piggyback monster" of Japan that jumps on the backs of those who pass grassy paths. It is heavy and not easily removed	 but will turn into gold coins if you can carry it back home.	AAAAAA==
510014	Obariyon	A "piggyback monster" of Japan that jumps on the backs of those who pass grassy paths. It is heavy and not easily removed	 but will turn into gold coins if you can carry it back home.	AAAAAA==
510021	Orobas	One of the 72 demons of the Goetia. Known as the Prince of Hell	 he appears as a horse and answers questions of the past	 present	 and future. He is faithful to his conjurer.	AAAAAA==
510022	Orobas	One of the 72 demons of the Goetia. Known as the Prince of Hell	 he appears as a horse and answers questions of the past	 present	 and future. He is faithful to his conjurer.	AAAAAA==
510023	Koppa Tengu	A type of tengu. Their spiritual power is weaker than other tengu	 so they are much smaller. They are said to be the reincarnations of long-lived wolves.	AAAAAA==
510024	Koppa Tengu	A type of tengu. Their spiritual power is weaker than other tengu	 so they are much smaller. They are said to be the reincarnations of long-lived wolves.	AAAAAA==
510031	Eligor	One of the 72 demons of the Goetia. He looks like a knight and has the power to see things to come. He also knows much about war.	AAAAAA==
510032	Orobas	One of the 72 demons of the Goetia. Known as the Prince of Hell	 he appears as a horse and answers questions of the past	 present	 and future. He is faithful to his conjurer.	AAAAAA==
510033	Orobas	One of the 72 demons of the Goetia. Known as the Prince of Hell	 he appears as a horse and answers questions of the past	 present	 and future. He is faithful to his conjurer.	AAAAAA==
510034	Kushi Mitama	One of the four aspects of Shinto thought	 it uses its power to bring blessings related to healing illnesses and staying healthy. It is said to have supernatural powers and cause mysterious events.	AAAAAA==
510035	Kushi Mitama	One of the four aspects of Shinto thought	 it uses its power to bring blessings related to healing illnesses and staying healthy. It is said to have supernatural powers and cause mysterious events.	AAAAAA==
510041	Eligor	One of the 72 demons of the Goetia. He looks like a knight and has the power to see things to come. He also knows much about war.	AAAAAA==
510042	Eligor	One of the 72 demons of the Goetia. He looks like a knight and has the power to see things to come. He also knows much about war.	AAAAAA==
510043	High Pixie	The leader of a swarm of pixies. Any pixie in a leadership role or with remarkable power is called by this name.	AAAAAA==
510044	High Pixie	The leader of a swarm of pixies. Any pixie in a leadership role or with remarkable power is called by this name.	AAAAAA==
510051	Yaksini	A female demon in Hindu lore. Though originally a Dravidian fertility goddess	 the spread of Hinduism changed perception of her to a demonic figure. Usually depicted as a nude	 voluptuous female.	AAAAAA==
510052	Yaksini	A female demon in Hindu lore. Though originally a Dravidian fertility goddess	 the spread of Hinduism changed perception of her to a demonic figure. Usually depicted as a nude	 voluptuous female.	AAAAAA==
510053	Ame-no-Uzume	Japanese goddess of entertainment	 she governs many sacred dances. She is most famous for luring out Amaterasu	 who had barricaded herself inside a cave.	AAAAAA==
510054	Ame-no-Uzume	Japanese goddess of entertainment	 she governs many sacred dances. She is most famous for luring out Amaterasu	 who had barricaded herself inside a cave.	AAAAAA==
510061	Oni	An evil monster from Japanese lore known for its hideous visage and brute strength. They loot and plunder villages	 massacring the townspeople with their iron clubs. They have horns on their heads	 red skin	 long claws	 and razor-sharp teeth.	AAAAAA==
510062	High Pixie	The leader of a swarm of pixies. Any pixie in a leadership role or with remarkable power is called by this name.	AAAAAA==
510063	High Pixie	The leader of a swarm of pixies. Any pixie in a leadership role or with remarkable power is called by this name.	AAAAAA==
510071	Fuu-Ki	One of the four oni controlled by Fujiwara no Chikata	 it sends hurricanes to blow away its enemies. Some say that Fuu-ki is the original ninja.	AAAAAA==
510072	Sudama	A spirit of rivers and mountains in Japanese lore	 it dwells in ancient trees and ageless rocks. They are not evil	 and will often appear as humans or supernatural wonders to warn people.	AAAAAA==
510073	Sudama	A spirit of rivers and mountains in Japanese lore	 it dwells in ancient trees and ageless rocks. They are not evil	 and will often appear as humans or supernatural wonders to warn people.	AAAAAA==
510081	Sui-Ki	One of the four oni controlled by Fujiwara no Chikata	 it can cause floods with the swing of its arms. In the Taiheiki	 Ki no Tomoo expelled the oni by reading a Japanese poem.	AAAAAA==
510082	Ame-no-Uzume	Japanese goddess of entertainment	 she governs many sacred dances. She is most famous for luring out Amaterasu	 who had barricaded herself inside a cave.	AAAAAA==
510083	Ame-no-Uzume	Japanese goddess of entertainment	 she governs many sacred dances. She is most famous for luring out Amaterasu	 who had barricaded herself inside a cave.	AAAAAA==
510091	Kin-Ki	One of the four oni controlled by Fujiwara no Chikata	 its body is so hard that no weapons can penetrate it. It and its comrades fell into hell through holes that can still be found in modern Iga.	AAAAAA==
510092	Oni	An evil monster from Japanese lore known for its hideous visage and brute strength. They loot and plunder villages	 massacring the townspeople with their iron clubs. They have horns on their heads	 red skin	 long claws	 and razor-sharp teeth.	AAAAAA==
510093	Oni	An evil monster from Japanese lore known for its hideous visage and brute strength. They loot and plunder villages	 massacring the townspeople with their iron clubs. They have horns on their heads	 red skin	 long claws	 and razor-sharp teeth.	AAAAAA==
510101	Asura	The Hindu king of Asuras is named Maha Vairocana	 or "One Who Shines On All." In Buddhism	 he is known as Dainichi Nyorai.	1. At the start of battle	 Asura gains 2 Vajra Armor stacks and restores 1 stack each turn. Each stack reduces damage taken by 15%.
2. When Asura takes damage from its weakness	 it loses 1 Vajra Armor stack.
3. When Asura loses all Vajra Armor stacks	 all Phantom Thieves gain Demon Subjugation	 increasing their damage.
510102	Ame-no-Uzume	Japanese goddess of entertainment	 she governs many sacred dances. She is most famous for luring out Amaterasu	 who had barricaded herself inside a cave.	AAAAAA==
510103	Ame-no-Uzume	Japanese goddess of entertainment	 she governs many sacred dances. She is most famous for luring out Amaterasu	 who had barricaded herself inside a cave.	AAAAAA==
510111	Zaou-Gongen	Repeller of evil found at Kinpusen by En-no-Ozunu. Believed to be a fusion of Buddha	 Guanyin	 and Maitreya	 he's a god who originated from Japan rather than the Buddhavacana.	1. At the start of battle	 Zaou-Gongen gains 15 Vajra Shield stacks. Each stack decreases damage taken by 5%.
2. When Zaou-Gongen takes damage from a skill or Resonance	 it loses 1 Vajra Shield stack.
3. When Zaou-Gongen loses all Vajra Shield stacks	 all Phantom Thieves gain Demon Power	 increasing their damage.
511011	Slime	A primitive monster with a viscous body. There are various theories as to its origin	 but it is still under debate. Said to compulsively collect shiny objects.	AAAAAA==
511012	Slime	A primitive monster with a viscous body. There are various theories as to its origin	 but it is still under debate. Said to compulsively collect shiny objects.	AAAAAA==
511013	Obariyon	A "piggyback monster" of Japan that jumps on the backs of those who pass grassy paths. It is heavy and not easily removed	 but will turn into gold coins if you can carry it back home.	AAAAAA==
511014	Obariyon	A "piggyback monster" of Japan that jumps on the backs of those who pass grassy paths. It is heavy and not easily removed	 but will turn into gold coins if you can carry it back home.	AAAAAA==
511021	Orobas	One of the 72 demons of the Goetia. Known as the Prince of Hell	 he appears as a horse and answers questions of the past	 present	 and future. He is faithful to his conjurer.	AAAAAA==
511022	Orobas	One of the 72 demons of the Goetia. Known as the Prince of Hell	 he appears as a horse and answers questions of the past	 present	 and future. He is faithful to his conjurer.	AAAAAA==
511023	Koppa Tengu	A type of tengu. Their spiritual power is weaker than other tengu	 so they are much smaller. They are said to be the reincarnations of long-lived wolves.	AAAAAA==
511024	Koppa Tengu	A type of tengu. Their spiritual power is weaker than other tengu	 so they are much smaller. They are said to be the reincarnations of long-lived wolves.	AAAAAA==
511031	Eligor	One of the 72 demons of the Goetia. He looks like a knight and has the power to see things to come. He also knows much about war.	AAAAAA==
511032	Orobas	One of the 72 demons of the Goetia. Known as the Prince of Hell	 he appears as a horse and answers questions of the past	 present	 and future. He is faithful to his conjurer.	AAAAAA==
511033	Orobas	One of the 72 demons of the Goetia. Known as the Prince of Hell	 he appears as a horse and answers questions of the past	 present	 and future. He is faithful to his conjurer.	AAAAAA==
511034	Kushi Mitama	One of the four aspects of Shinto thought	 it uses its power to bring blessings related to healing illnesses and staying healthy. It is said to have supernatural powers and cause mysterious events.	AAAAAA==
511035	Kushi Mitama	One of the four aspects of Shinto thought	 it uses its power to bring blessings related to healing illnesses and staying healthy. It is said to have supernatural powers and cause mysterious events.	AAAAAA==
511041	Eligor	One of the 72 demons of the Goetia. He looks like a knight and has the power to see things to come. He also knows much about war.	AAAAAA==
511042	Eligor	One of the 72 demons of the Goetia. He looks like a knight and has the power to see things to come. He also knows much about war.	AAAAAA==
511043	Nekomata	Long-lived cats are said to become these malevolent cat demons. Their powers vary according to how long they have lived	 ranging from shape-shifting to controlling the dead.	AAAAAA==
511044	Nekomata	Long-lived cats are said to become these malevolent cat demons. Their powers vary according to how long they have lived	 ranging from shape-shifting to controlling the dead.	AAAAAA==
511051	Yaksini	A female demon in Hindu lore. Though originally a Dravidian fertility goddess	 the spread of Hinduism changed perception of her to a demonic figure. Usually depicted as a nude	 voluptuous female.	AAAAAA==
511052	Yaksini	A female demon in Hindu lore. Though originally a Dravidian fertility goddess	 the spread of Hinduism changed perception of her to a demonic figure. Usually depicted as a nude	 voluptuous female.	AAAAAA==
511053	Ame-no-Uzume	Japanese goddess of entertainment	 she governs many sacred dances. She is most famous for luring out Amaterasu	 who had barricaded herself inside a cave.	AAAAAA==
511054	Ame-no-Uzume	Japanese goddess of entertainment	 she governs many sacred dances. She is most famous for luring out Amaterasu	 who had barricaded herself inside a cave.	AAAAAA==
511061	Oni	An evil monster from Japanese lore known for its hideous visage and brute strength. They loot and plunder villages	 massacring the townspeople with their iron clubs. They have horns on their heads	 red skin	 long claws	 and razor-sharp teeth.	AAAAAA==
511062	Nekomata	Long-lived cats are said to become these malevolent cat demons. Their powers vary according to how long they have lived	 ranging from shape-shifting to controlling the dead.	AAAAAA==
511063	Nekomata	Long-lived cats are said to become these malevolent cat demons. Their powers vary according to how long they have lived	 ranging from shape-shifting to controlling the dead.	AAAAAA==
511071	Fuu-Ki	One of the four oni controlled by Fujiwara no Chikata	 it sends hurricanes to blow away its enemies. Some say that Fuu-ki is the original ninja.	AAAAAA==
511072	Sudama	A spirit of rivers and mountains in Japanese lore	 it dwells in ancient trees and ageless rocks. They are not evil	 and will often appear as humans or supernatural wonders to warn people.	AAAAAA==
511073	Sudama	A spirit of rivers and mountains in Japanese lore	 it dwells in ancient trees and ageless rocks. They are not evil	 and will often appear as humans or supernatural wonders to warn people.	AAAAAA==
511081	Sui-Ki	One of the four oni controlled by Fujiwara no Chikata	 it can cause floods with the swing of its arms. In the Taiheiki	 Ki no Tomoo expelled the oni by reading a Japanese poem.	AAAAAA==
511082	Ame-no-Uzume	Japanese goddess of entertainment	 she governs many sacred dances. She is most famous for luring out Amaterasu	 who had barricaded herself inside a cave.	AAAAAA==
511083	Ame-no-Uzume	Japanese goddess of entertainment	 she governs many sacred dances. She is most famous for luring out Amaterasu	 who had barricaded herself inside a cave.	AAAAAA==
511091	Kin-Ki	One of the four oni controlled by Fujiwara no Chikata	 its body is so hard that no weapons can penetrate it. It and its comrades fell into hell through holes that can still be found in modern Iga.	AAAAAA==
511092	Oni	An evil monster from Japanese lore known for its hideous visage and brute strength. They loot and plunder villages	 massacring the townspeople with their iron clubs. They have horns on their heads	 red skin	 long claws	 and razor-sharp teeth.	AAAAAA==
511093	Oni	An evil monster from Japanese lore known for its hideous visage and brute strength. They loot and plunder villages	 massacring the townspeople with their iron clubs. They have horns on their heads	 red skin	 long claws	 and razor-sharp teeth.	AAAAAA==
511101	Cu Chulainn	A hero in Celtic folklore. He was called Setanta until he earned the name	 "Culann's Hound." There are many tales of his adventures. He received his spear	 Gae Bolg	 from his mentor	 Scathach.	1. Cu Chulainn gains 2 Runic Protection stacks each turn. Each stack decreases damage taken by 15%.
2. When Cu Chulainn takes damage from its weakness	 it loses 1 Runic Protection stack.
3. When Cu Chulainn loses all Runic Protection stacks	 all Phantom Thieves gain Runic Strength	 increasing their damage.
4. Cu Chulainn will restore all Phantom Thieves' SP each turn	 but also inflicts Runic Curse on the Phantom Thief with the highest Attack	 greatly decreasing their damage.
511111	Titania	The queen of the fairies and Oberon's wife. She is derived from the Roman goddess Diana. She was later immortalized in Shakespeare's play "A Midsummer Night's Dream."	AAAAAA==
512011	Slime	A primitive monster with a viscous body. There are various theories as to its origin	 but it is still under debate. Said to compulsively collect shiny objects.	AAAAAA==
512012	Slime	A primitive monster with a viscous body. There are various theories as to its origin	 but it is still under debate. Said to compulsively collect shiny objects.	AAAAAA==
512013	Obariyon	A "piggyback monster" of Japan that jumps on the backs of those who pass grassy paths. It is heavy and not easily removed	 but will turn into gold coins if you can carry it back home.	AAAAAA==
512014	Obariyon	A "piggyback monster" of Japan that jumps on the backs of those who pass grassy paths. It is heavy and not easily removed	 but will turn into gold coins if you can carry it back home.	AAAAAA==
512021	Orobas	One of the 72 demons of the Goetia. Known as the Prince of Hell	 he appears as a horse and answers questions of the past	 present	 and future. He is faithful to his conjurer.	AAAAAA==
512022	Orobas	One of the 72 demons of the Goetia. Known as the Prince of Hell	 he appears as a horse and answers questions of the past	 present	 and future. He is faithful to his conjurer.	AAAAAA==
512023	Koppa Tengu	A type of tengu. Their spiritual power is weaker than other tengu	 so they are much smaller. They are said to be the reincarnations of long-lived wolves.	AAAAAA==
512024	Koppa Tengu	A type of tengu. Their spiritual power is weaker than other tengu	 so they are much smaller. They are said to be the reincarnations of long-lived wolves.	AAAAAA==
512031	Eligor	One of the 72 demons of the Goetia. He looks like a knight and has the power to see things to come. He also knows much about war.	AAAAAA==
512032	Orobas	One of the 72 demons of the Goetia. Known as the Prince of Hell	 he appears as a horse and answers questions of the past	 present	 and future. He is faithful to his conjurer.	AAAAAA==
512033	Orobas	One of the 72 demons of the Goetia. Known as the Prince of Hell	 he appears as a horse and answers questions of the past	 present	 and future. He is faithful to his conjurer.	AAAAAA==
512034	Kushi Mitama	One of the four aspects of Shinto thought	 it uses its power to bring blessings related to healing illnesses and staying healthy. It is said to have supernatural powers and cause mysterious events.	AAAAAA==
512035	Kushi Mitama	One of the four aspects of Shinto thought	 it uses its power to bring blessings related to healing illnesses and staying healthy. It is said to have supernatural powers and cause mysterious events.	AAAAAA==
512041	Eligor	One of the 72 demons of the Goetia. He looks like a knight and has the power to see things to come. He also knows much about war.	AAAAAA==
512042	Eligor	One of the 72 demons of the Goetia. He looks like a knight and has the power to see things to come. He also knows much about war.	AAAAAA==
512043	Nekomata	Long-lived cats are said to become these malevolent cat demons. Their powers vary according to how long they have lived	 ranging from shape-shifting to controlling the dead.	AAAAAA==
512044	Nekomata	Long-lived cats are said to become these malevolent cat demons. Their powers vary according to how long they have lived	 ranging from shape-shifting to controlling the dead.	AAAAAA==
512051	Yaksini	A female demon in Hindu lore. Though originally a Dravidian fertility goddess	 the spread of Hinduism changed perception of her to a demonic figure. Usually depicted as a nude	 voluptuous female.	AAAAAA==
512052	Yaksini	A female demon in Hindu lore. Though originally a Dravidian fertility goddess	 the spread of Hinduism changed perception of her to a demonic figure. Usually depicted as a nude	 voluptuous female.	AAAAAA==
512053	Ame-no-Uzume	Japanese goddess of entertainment	 she governs many sacred dances. She is most famous for luring out Amaterasu	 who had barricaded herself inside a cave.	AAAAAA==
512054	Ame-no-Uzume	Japanese goddess of entertainment	 she governs many sacred dances. She is most famous for luring out Amaterasu	 who had barricaded herself inside a cave.	AAAAAA==
512061	Oni	An evil monster from Japanese lore known for its hideous visage and brute strength. They loot and plunder villages	 massacring the townspeople with their iron clubs. They have horns on their heads	 red skin	 long claws	 and razor-sharp teeth.	AAAAAA==
512062	Nekomata	Long-lived cats are said to become these malevolent cat demons. Their powers vary according to how long they have lived	 ranging from shape-shifting to controlling the dead.	AAAAAA==
512063	Nekomata	Long-lived cats are said to become these malevolent cat demons. Their powers vary according to how long they have lived	 ranging from shape-shifting to controlling the dead.	AAAAAA==
512071	Fuu-Ki	One of the four oni controlled by Fujiwara no Chikata	 it sends hurricanes to blow away its enemies. Some say that Fuu-ki is the original ninja.	AAAAAA==
512072	Sudama	A spirit of rivers and mountains in Japanese lore	 it dwells in ancient trees and ageless rocks. They are not evil	 and will often appear as humans or supernatural wonders to warn people.	AAAAAA==
512073	Sudama	A spirit of rivers and mountains in Japanese lore	 it dwells in ancient trees and ageless rocks. They are not evil	 and will often appear as humans or supernatural wonders to warn people.	AAAAAA==
512081	Sui-Ki	One of the four oni controlled by Fujiwara no Chikata	 it can cause floods with the swing of its arms. In the Taiheiki	 Ki no Tomoo expelled the oni by reading a Japanese poem.	AAAAAA==
512082	Ame-no-Uzume	Japanese goddess of entertainment	 she governs many sacred dances. She is most famous for luring out Amaterasu	 who had barricaded herself inside a cave.	AAAAAA==
512083	Ame-no-Uzume	Japanese goddess of entertainment	 she governs many sacred dances. She is most famous for luring out Amaterasu	 who had barricaded herself inside a cave.	AAAAAA==
512091	Kin-Ki	One of the four oni controlled by Fujiwara no Chikata	 its body is so hard that no weapons can penetrate it. It and its comrades fell into hell through holes that can still be found in modern Iga.	AAAAAA==
512092	Oni	An evil monster from Japanese lore known for its hideous visage and brute strength. They loot and plunder villages	 massacring the townspeople with their iron clubs. They have horns on their heads	 red skin	 long claws	 and razor-sharp teeth.	AAAAAA==
512093	Oni	An evil monster from Japanese lore known for its hideous visage and brute strength. They loot and plunder villages	 massacring the townspeople with their iron clubs. They have horns on their heads	 red skin	 long claws	 and razor-sharp teeth.	AAAAAA==
512101	Titania	The queen of the fairies and Oberon's wife. She is derived from the Roman goddess Diana. She was later immortalized in Shakespeare's play "A Midsummer Night's Dream."	1. Each turn	 Titania gains 2 Fairy Power stacks.
2. Titania loses 1 Fairy Power stack each time she takes a Physical attack.
3. Before the start of her turn	 Titania spends all Fairy Power stacks to activate Fairy Curse	 decreasing all Phantom Thieves' damage by 15% for each stack spent.
512111	Baphomet	A goat-headed demon that is worshipped in Black Sabbaths. His name can be used as a catch-all term for demons in general. He would become an object of worship for witches.	1. Baphomet will summon minions during the battle. When a minion is defeated	 Baphomet takes Almighty damage based on the minion's max HP.
2. Baphomet will restore all Phantom Thieves' SP each turn	 but also inflicts Demonic Curse on the Phantom Thief with the highest Attack	 greatly decreasing their damage.
512112	Incubus	A male demon of European lore in medieval times. They visit sleeping women and have sexual intercourse with them. The resulting children become witches or wizards.	AAAAAA==
513011	Slime	A primitive monster with a viscous body. There are various theories as to its origin	 but it is still under debate. Said to compulsively collect shiny objects.	AAAAAA==
513012	Slime	A primitive monster with a viscous body. There are various theories as to its origin	 but it is still under debate. Said to compulsively collect shiny objects.	AAAAAA==
513013	Obariyon	A "piggyback monster" of Japan that jumps on the backs of those who pass grassy paths. It is heavy and not easily removed	 but will turn into gold coins if you can carry it back home.	AAAAAA==
513014	Obariyon	A "piggyback monster" of Japan that jumps on the backs of those who pass grassy paths. It is heavy and not easily removed	 but will turn into gold coins if you can carry it back home.	AAAAAA==
513021	Orobas	One of the 72 demons of the Goetia. Known as the Prince of Hell	 he appears as a horse and answers questions of the past	 present	 and future. He is faithful to his conjurer.	AAAAAA==
513022	Orobas	One of the 72 demons of the Goetia. Known as the Prince of Hell	 he appears as a horse and answers questions of the past	 present	 and future. He is faithful to his conjurer.	AAAAAA==
513023	Koppa Tengu	A type of tengu. Their spiritual power is weaker than other tengu	 so they are much smaller. They are said to be the reincarnations of long-lived wolves.	AAAAAA==
513024	Koppa Tengu	A type of tengu. Their spiritual power is weaker than other tengu	 so they are much smaller. They are said to be the reincarnations of long-lived wolves.	AAAAAA==
513031	Eligor	One of the 72 demons of the Goetia. He looks like a knight and has the power to see things to come. He also knows much about war.	AAAAAA==
513032	Orobas	One of the 72 demons of the Goetia. Known as the Prince of Hell	 he appears as a horse and answers questions of the past	 present	 and future. He is faithful to his conjurer.	AAAAAA==
513033	Orobas	One of the 72 demons of the Goetia. Known as the Prince of Hell	 he appears as a horse and answers questions of the past	 present	 and future. He is faithful to his conjurer.	AAAAAA==
513034	Kushi Mitama	One of the four aspects of Shinto thought	 it uses its power to bring blessings related to healing illnesses and staying healthy. It is said to have supernatural powers and cause mysterious events.	AAAAAA==
513035	Kushi Mitama	One of the four aspects of Shinto thought	 it uses its power to bring blessings related to healing illnesses and staying healthy. It is said to have supernatural powers and cause mysterious events.	AAAAAA==
513041	Eligor	One of the 72 demons of the Goetia. He looks like a knight and has the power to see things to come. He also knows much about war.	AAAAAA==
513042	Eligor	One of the 72 demons of the Goetia. He looks like a knight and has the power to see things to come. He also knows much about war.	AAAAAA==
513043	Nekomata	Long-lived cats are said to become these malevolent cat demons. Their powers vary according to how long they have lived	 ranging from shape-shifting to controlling the dead.	AAAAAA==
513044	Nekomata	Long-lived cats are said to become these malevolent cat demons. Their powers vary according to how long they have lived	 ranging from shape-shifting to controlling the dead.	AAAAAA==
513051	Yaksini	A female demon in Hindu lore. Though originally a Dravidian fertility goddess	 the spread of Hinduism changed perception of her to a demonic figure. Usually depicted as a nude	 voluptuous female.	AAAAAA==
513052	Yaksini	A female demon in Hindu lore. Though originally a Dravidian fertility goddess	 the spread of Hinduism changed perception of her to a demonic figure. Usually depicted as a nude	 voluptuous female.	AAAAAA==
513053	Ame-no-Uzume	Japanese goddess of entertainment	 she governs many sacred dances. She is most famous for luring out Amaterasu	 who had barricaded herself inside a cave.	AAAAAA==
513054	Ame-no-Uzume	Japanese goddess of entertainment	 she governs many sacred dances. She is most famous for luring out Amaterasu	 who had barricaded herself inside a cave.	AAAAAA==
513061	Oni	An evil monster from Japanese lore known for its hideous visage and brute strength. They loot and plunder villages	 massacring the townspeople with their iron clubs. They have horns on their heads	 red skin	 long claws	 and razor-sharp teeth.	AAAAAA==
513062	Nekomata	Long-lived cats are said to become these malevolent cat demons. Their powers vary according to how long they have lived	 ranging from shape-shifting to controlling the dead.	AAAAAA==
513063	Nekomata	Long-lived cats are said to become these malevolent cat demons. Their powers vary according to how long they have lived	 ranging from shape-shifting to controlling the dead.	AAAAAA==
513071	Fuu-Ki	One of the four oni controlled by Fujiwara no Chikata	 it sends hurricanes to blow away its enemies. Some say that Fuu-ki is the original ninja.	AAAAAA==
513072	Sudama	A spirit of rivers and mountains in Japanese lore	 it dwells in ancient trees and ageless rocks. They are not evil	 and will often appear as humans or supernatural wonders to warn people.	AAAAAA==
513073	Sudama	A spirit of rivers and mountains in Japanese lore	 it dwells in ancient trees and ageless rocks. They are not evil	 and will often appear as humans or supernatural wonders to warn people.	AAAAAA==
513081	Sui-Ki	One of the four oni controlled by Fujiwara no Chikata	 it can cause floods with the swing of its arms. In the Taiheiki	 Ki no Tomoo expelled the oni by reading a Japanese poem.	AAAAAA==
513082	Ame-no-Uzume	Japanese goddess of entertainment	 she governs many sacred dances. She is most famous for luring out Amaterasu	 who had barricaded herself inside a cave.	AAAAAA==
513083	Ame-no-Uzume	Japanese goddess of entertainment	 she governs many sacred dances. She is most famous for luring out Amaterasu	 who had barricaded herself inside a cave.	AAAAAA==
513091	Kin-Ki	One of the four oni controlled by Fujiwara no Chikata	 its body is so hard that no weapons can penetrate it. It and its comrades fell into hell through holes that can still be found in modern Iga.	AAAAAA==
513092	Oni	An evil monster from Japanese lore known for its hideous visage and brute strength. They loot and plunder villages	 massacring the townspeople with their iron clubs. They have horns on their heads	 red skin	 long claws	 and razor-sharp teeth.	AAAAAA==
513093	Oni	An evil monster from Japanese lore known for its hideous visage and brute strength. They loot and plunder villages	 massacring the townspeople with their iron clubs. They have horns on their heads	 red skin	 long claws	 and razor-sharp teeth.	AAAAAA==
513101	Raphael	One of the four major archangels	 his name means "healer." He recites the history of the fallen angels and the creation of Adam and Eve.	1. At the start of battle	 all four angels are affected by Demonic Curse	 changing all affinities to Weak. Lasts for 1 turn.
2. Raphael will restore all Phantom Thieves' SP every turn	 but also inflicts Angelic Binding on the Phantom Thief with the highest Attack	 greatly decreasing their damage.
513102	Uriel	One of the fourmajor archangels. His name means "Flame of God	 and he knows all the celestial phenomena. He is the first angel Satan met on earth.,AAAAAA==
513103,Michael,One of the four major archangels, he is at the top of the angelic hierarchy. He carries a long spear that can cut through anything, and his name means one who is like God."	AAAAAA==
513104	Gabriel	One of the four major archangels. She is also the only female angel at this rank. Her name comes from the Sumerian word for "governor." She is the angel who told Mary of her pregnancy.	AAAAAA==
513111	Titania	The queen of the fairies and Oberon's wife. She is derived from the Roman goddess Diana. She was later immortalized in Shakespeare's play "A Midsummer Night's Dream."	1. Each turn	 Titania gains 2 Fairy Power stacks.
2. Titania loses 1 Fairy Power stack each time she takes a Physical attack.
3. Before the start of her turn	 Titania spends all Fairy Power stacks to activate Fairy Curse	 decreasing all Phantom Thieves' damage by 15% for each stack spent.
600011	Shadow Oya	-	AAAAAA==
600021	Shadow Hoshino	-	AAAAAA==
600031	Shadow Yamazaki	-	AAAAAA==
600041	Shadow Owada	-	AAAAAA==
600051	Shadow Yamaguchi	-	AAAAAA==
600061	Shadow Sawada	-	AAAAAA==
600071	Shadow Takahashi	-	AAAAAA==
600081	Shadow Akana	-	AAAAAA==
600091	Shadow Yoshinaga	-	AAAAAA==
600101	Corrupt Producer's Shadow	-	AAAAAA==
600111	Shadow Takayama	-	AAAAAA==
600121	Shadow Mr. Sahara	-	AAAAAA==
600122	Shadow Mrs. Sahara	-	AAAAAA==
600131	Shadow Furukawa	-	AAAAAA==
630111	Belphegor	Demonic governor of the deadly sin of sloth. He also excels at invention and discovery. May be derived from Ba'al Pe'or	 Syrian god of abundant crops.	AAAAAA==
630112	Angel	Ninth of the nineorders of angels.They are closest in nature to humans.They watch over individuals and warn those who stray from the path.	AAAAAA==
630113	Angel	Ninth of the nineorders of angels.They are closest in nature to humans.They watch over individuals and warn those who stray from the path.	AAAAAA==
630114	Angel	Ninth of the nineorders of angels.They are closest in nature to humans.They watch over individuals and warn those who stray from the path.	AAAAAA==
630115	Angel	Ninth of the nineorders of angels.They are closest in nature to humans.They watch over individuals and warn those who stray from the path.	AAAAAA==
630211	Tech Staff A	-	AAAAAA==
630212	Tech Staff B	-	AAAAAA==
630213	Tech Staff A	-	AAAAAA==
630214	Tech Staff B	-	AAAAAA==
630311	Tech Staff C	-	AAAAAA==
630312	Tech Staff D	-	AAAAAA==
630313	Tech Staff E	-	AAAAAA==
630314	Tech Staff F	-	AAAAAA==
630411	Tech Staff G	A dog spirit said to possess people in Japanese lore. Those possessed are in a state of "inu-tsuki" and lose consciousness. Onmyoji use Inugami as familiars.	AAAAAA==
630412	Tech Staff H	-	AAAAAA==
630413	Tech Staff J	-	AAAAAA==
630414	Tech Staff K	-	AAAAAA==
630511	Weapons Supply Chief	-	AAAAAA==
630512	Weapons Supply Staff	-	AAAAAA==
630513	Weapons Supply Staff	-	AAAAAA==
630611	Armor Supply Chief	-	AAAAAA==
630612	Armor Supply Staff	-	AAAAAA==
630613	Armor Supply Staff	-	AAAAAA==
630711	Medical Supply Chief	-	AAAAAA==
630712	Medical Supply Staff	-	AAAAAA==
630713	Medical Supply Staff	-	AAAAAA==
630811	Chief Strategist	-	AAAAAA==
630121	Belphegor	Demonic governor of the deadly sin of sloth. He also excels at invention and discovery. May be derived from Ba'al Pe'or	 Syrian god of abundant crops.	AAAAAA==
630122	Angel	Ninth of the nineorders of angels.They are closest in nature to humans.They watch over individuals and warn those who stray from the path.	AAAAAA==
630123	Angel	Ninth of the nineorders of angels.They are closest in nature to humans.They watch over individuals and warn those who stray from the path.	AAAAAA==
630124	Angel	Ninth of the nineorders of angels.They are closest in nature to humans.They watch over individuals and warn those who stray from the path.	AAAAAA==
630125	Angel	Ninth of the nineorders of angels.They are closest in nature to humans.They watch over individuals and warn those who stray from the path.	AAAAAA==
630221	Tech Staff A	-	AAAAAA==
630222	Tech Staff B	-	AAAAAA==
630223	Tech Staff A	-	AAAAAA==
630224	Tech Staff B	-	AAAAAA==
630321	Tech Staff C	-	AAAAAA==
630322	Tech Staff D	-	AAAAAA==
630323	Tech Staff E	-	AAAAAA==
630324	Tech Staff F	-	AAAAAA==
630421	Tech Staff G	A dog spirit said to possess people in Japanese lore. Those possessed are in a state of "inu-tsuki" and lose consciousness. Onmyoji use Inugami as familiars.	AAAAAA==
630422	Tech Staff H	-	AAAAAA==
630423	Tech Staff J	-	AAAAAA==
630424	Tech Staff K	-	AAAAAA==
630521	Weapons Supply Chief	-	AAAAAA==
630522	Weapons Supply Staff	-	AAAAAA==
630523	Weapons Supply Staff	-	AAAAAA==
630621	Armor Supply Chief	-	AAAAAA==
630622	Armor Supply Staff	-	AAAAAA==
630623	Armor Supply Staff	-	AAAAAA==
630721	Medical Supply Chief	-	AAAAAA==
630722	Medical Supply Staff	-	AAAAAA==
630723	Medical Supply Staff	-	AAAAAA==
630821	Chief Strategist	-	AAAAAA==
630131	Belphegor	Demonic governor of the deadly sin of sloth. He also excels at invention and discovery. May be derived from Ba'al Pe'or	 Syrian god of abundant crops.	AAAAAA==
630132	Angel	Ninth of the nineorders of angels.They are closest in nature to humans.They watch over individuals and warn those who stray from the path.	AAAAAA==
630133	Angel	Ninth of the nineorders of angels.They are closest in nature to humans.They watch over individuals and warn those who stray from the path.	AAAAAA==
630134	Angel	Ninth of the nineorders of angels.They are closest in nature to humans.They watch over individuals and warn those who stray from the path.	AAAAAA==
630135	Angel	Ninth of the nineorders of angels.They are closest in nature to humans.They watch over individuals and warn those who stray from the path.	AAAAAA==
630231	Tech Staff A	-	AAAAAA==
630232	Tech Staff B	-	AAAAAA==
630233	Tech Staff A	-	AAAAAA==
630234	Tech Staff B	-	AAAAAA==
630331	Tech Staff C	-	AAAAAA==
630332	Tech Staff D	-	AAAAAA==
630333	Tech Staff E	-	AAAAAA==
630334	Tech Staff F	-	AAAAAA==
630431	Tech Staff G	A dog spirit said to possess people in Japanese lore. Those possessed are in a state of "inu-tsuki" and lose consciousness. Onmyoji use Inugami as familiars.	AAAAAA==
630432	Tech Staff H	-	AAAAAA==
630433	Tech Staff J	-	AAAAAA==
630434	Tech Staff K	-	AAAAAA==
630531	Weapons Supply Chief	-	AAAAAA==
630532	Weapons Supply Staff	-	AAAAAA==
630533	Weapons Supply Staff	-	AAAAAA==
630631	Armor Supply Chief	-	AAAAAA==
630632	Armor Supply Staff	-	AAAAAA==
630633	Armor Supply Staff	-	AAAAAA==
630731	Medical Supply Chief	-	AAAAAA==
630732	Medical Supply Staff	-	AAAAAA==
630733	Medical Supply Staff	-	AAAAAA==
630831	Chief Strategist	-	AAAAAA==
631111	Berith	One of the 72 demons of the Goetia. Known as the Duke of Hell	 he rides a gigantic horse and burns those without manners.	AAAAAA==
631112	Berith	One of the 72 demons of the Goetia. Known as the Duke of Hell	 he rides a gigantic horse and burns those without manners.	AAAAAA==
631211	Archangel	Eighth of the nine orders of angels. Their duty is to minister to humans and deliver messages. They are warriors of Heaven and lead Heaven's forces during battle with the armies of evil.	AAAAAA==
631212	Angel	Ninth of the nineorders of angels.They are closest in nature to humans.They watch over individuals and warn those who stray from the path.	AAAAAA==
631213	Angel	Ninth of the nineorders of angels.They are closest in nature to humans.They watch over individuals and warn those who stray from the path.	AAAAAA==
631311	Bicorn	An evil creature with two curving horns from European folklore. It represents impurity	 unlike the Unicorn. Said to be derived from Re'em in the Bible. Another legend says that it feeds off of loyal husbands.	AAAAAA==
631312	Bicorn	An evil creature with two curving horns from European folklore. It represents impurity	 unlike the Unicorn. Said to be derived from Re'em in the Bible. Another legend says that it feeds off of loyal husbands.	AAAAAA==
631313	Bicorn	An evil creature with two curving horns from European folklore. It represents impurity	 unlike the Unicorn. Said to be derived from Re'em in the Bible. Another legend says that it feeds off of loyal husbands.	AAAAAA==
631411	Agathion	A general term for familiars used by Judeo-Christian magicians	 they are usually sealed away in bottles	 rings	 or talismans. They torment the target selected by the conjuror.	AAAAAA==
631412	Agathion	A general term for familiars used by Judeo-Christian magicians	 they are usually sealed away in bottles	 rings	 or talismans. They torment the target selected by the conjuror.	AAAAAA==
631413	Agathion	A general term for familiars used by Judeo-Christian magicians	 they are usually sealed away in bottles	 rings	 or talismans. They torment the target selected by the conjuror.	AAAAAA==
631414	Agathion	A general term for familiars used by Judeo-Christian magicians	 they are usually sealed away in bottles	 rings	 or talismans. They torment the target selected by the conjuror.	AAAAAA==
631511	Bicorn	An evil creature with two curving horns from European folklore. It represents impurity	 unlike the Unicorn. Said to be derived from Re'em in the Bible. Another legend says that it feeds off of loyal husbands.	AAAAAA==
631512	Bicorn	An evil creature with two curving horns from European folklore. It represents impurity	 unlike the Unicorn. Said to be derived from Re'em in the Bible. Another legend says that it feeds off of loyal husbands.	AAAAAA==
631611	Eligor	One of the 72 demons of the Goetia. He looks like a knight and has the power to see things to come. He also knows much about war.	AAAAAA==
631612	Pixie	Friendly fairies of the forest that tend to hide from humans. They like to play tricks on lazy people. It is said they are the souls of dead	 unbaptized children.	AAAAAA==
631613	Pixie	Friendly fairies of the forest that tend to hide from humans. They like to play tricks on lazy people. It is said they are the souls of dead	 unbaptized children.	AAAAAA==
632111	Nue	A creature of Japanese lore with a monkey's head	 tiger's legs	 and snake's tail. The Tale of Heike says it hid behind a dark cloud each night to attack the Emperor.	AAAAAA==
632211	Mokoi	Evil spirits of Murngin lore believed to be reborn shadows. They kidnap and eat children	 and strike down any sorcerer who uses black magic.	AAAAAA==
632212	Hua Po	A spirit of Chinese folklore who dwells in trees once used for hangings. She is smaller than a human and cannot speak	 but her voice is said to be as clear and as beautiful as a bird's song.	AAAAAA==
632213	Mokoi	Evil spirits of Murngin lore believed to be reborn shadows. They kidnap and eat children	 and strike down any sorcerer who uses black magic.	AAAAAA==
632214	Hua Po	A spirit of Chinese folklore who dwells in trees once used for hangings. She is smaller than a human and cannot speak	 but her voice is said to be as clear and as beautiful as a bird's song.	AAAAAA==
632311	Inugami	A dog spirit said to possess people in Japanese lore. Those possessed are in a state of "inu-tsuki" and lose consciousness. Onmyoji use Inugami as familiars.	AAAAAA==
632312	Makami	A divine wolf god in Japanese folklore	 also written as "Oguchi-no-Magami." It is often drawn on prayer boards to prevent fires and thefts	 but it is also feared as a human-eater.	AAAAAA==
632313	Inugami	A dog spirit said to possess people in Japanese lore. Those possessed are in a state of "inu-tsuki" and lose consciousness. Onmyoji use Inugami as familiars.	AAAAAA==
632314	Makami	A divine wolf god in Japanese folklore	 also written as "Oguchi-no-Magami." It is often drawn on prayer boards to prevent fires and thefts	 but it is also feared as a human-eater.	AAAAAA==
631121	Berith	One of the 72 demons of the Goetia. Known as the Duke of Hell	 he rides a gigantic horse and burns those without manners.	AAAAAA==
631122	Berith	One of the 72 demons of the Goetia. Known as the Duke of Hell	 he rides a gigantic horse and burns those without manners.	AAAAAA==
631221	Archangel	Eighth of the nine orders of angels. Their duty is to minister to humans and deliver messages. They are warriors of Heaven and lead Heaven's forces during battle with the armies of evil.	AAAAAA==
631222	Angel	Ninth of the nineorders of angels.They are closest in nature to humans.They watch over individuals and warn those who stray from the path.	AAAAAA==
631223	Angel	Ninth of the nineorders of angels.They are closest in nature to humans.They watch over individuals and warn those who stray from the path.	AAAAAA==
631321	Bicorn	An evil creature with two curving horns from European folklore. It represents impurity	 unlike the Unicorn. Said to be derived from Re'em in the Bible. Another legend says that it feeds off of loyal husbands.	AAAAAA==
631322	Bicorn	An evil creature with two curving horns from European folklore. It represents impurity	 unlike the Unicorn. Said to be derived from Re'em in the Bible. Another legend says that it feeds off of loyal husbands.	AAAAAA==
631323	Bicorn	An evil creature with two curving horns from European folklore. It represents impurity	 unlike the Unicorn. Said to be derived from Re'em in the Bible. Another legend says that it feeds off of loyal husbands.	AAAAAA==
631421	Agathion	A general term for familiars used by Judeo-Christian magicians	 they are usually sealed away in bottles	 rings	 or talismans. They torment the target selected by the conjuror.	AAAAAA==
631422	Agathion	A general term for familiars used by Judeo-Christian magicians	 they are usually sealed away in bottles	 rings	 or talismans. They torment the target selected by the conjuror.	AAAAAA==
631423	Agathion	A general term for familiars used by Judeo-Christian magicians	 they are usually sealed away in bottles	 rings	 or talismans. They torment the target selected by the conjuror.	AAAAAA==
631424	Agathion	A general term for familiars used by Judeo-Christian magicians	 they are usually sealed away in bottles	 rings	 or talismans. They torment the target selected by the conjuror.	AAAAAA==
631521	Bicorn	An evil creature with two curving horns from European folklore. It represents impurity	 unlike the Unicorn. Said to be derived from Re'em in the Bible. Another legend says that it feeds off of loyal husbands.	AAAAAA==
631522	Bicorn	An evil creature with two curving horns from European folklore. It represents impurity	 unlike the Unicorn. Said to be derived from Re'em in the Bible. Another legend says that it feeds off of loyal husbands.	AAAAAA==
631621	Eligor	One of the 72 demons of the Goetia. He looks like a knight and has the power to see things to come. He also knows much about war.	AAAAAA==
631622	Pixie	Friendly fairies of the forest that tend to hide from humans. They like to play tricks on lazy people. It is said they are the souls of dead	 unbaptized children.	AAAAAA==
631623	Pixie	Friendly fairies of the forest that tend to hide from humans. They like to play tricks on lazy people. It is said they are the souls of dead	 unbaptized children.	AAAAAA==
632121	Nue	A creature of Japanese lore with a monkey's head	 tiger's legs	 and snake's tail. The Tale of Heike says it hid behind a dark cloud each night to attack the Emperor.	AAAAAA==
632221	Mokoi	Evil spirits of Murngin lore believed to be reborn shadows. They kidnap and eat children	 and strike down any sorcerer who uses black magic.	AAAAAA==
632222	Hua Po	A spirit of Chinese folklore who dwells in trees once used for hangings. She is smaller than a human and cannot speak	 but her voice is said to be as clear and as beautiful as a bird's song.	AAAAAA==
632223	Mokoi	Evil spirits of Murngin lore believed to be reborn shadows. They kidnap and eat children	 and strike down any sorcerer who uses black magic.	AAAAAA==
632224	Hua Po	A spirit of Chinese folklore who dwells in trees once used for hangings. She is smaller than a human and cannot speak	 but her voice is said to be as clear and as beautiful as a bird's song.	AAAAAA==
632321	Inugami	A dog spirit said to possess people in Japanese lore. Those possessed are in a state of "inu-tsuki" and lose consciousness. Onmyoji use Inugami as familiars.	AAAAAA==
632322	Makami	A divine wolf god in Japanese folklore	 also written as "Oguchi-no-Magami." It is often drawn on prayer boards to prevent fires and thefts	 but it is also feared as a human-eater.	AAAAAA==
632323	Inugami	A dog spirit said to possess people in Japanese lore. Those possessed are in a state of "inu-tsuki" and lose consciousness. Onmyoji use Inugami as familiars.	AAAAAA==
632324	Makami	A divine wolf god in Japanese folklore	 also written as "Oguchi-no-Magami." It is often drawn on prayer boards to prevent fires and thefts	 but it is also feared as a human-eater.	AAAAAA==
631131	Berith	One of the 72 demons of the Goetia. Known as the Duke of Hell	 he rides a gigantic horse and burns those without manners.	AAAAAA==
631132	Berith	One of the 72 demons of the Goetia. Known as the Duke of Hell	 he rides a gigantic horse and burns those without manners.	AAAAAA==
631231	Archangel	Eighth of the nine orders of angels. Their duty is to minister to humans and deliver messages. They are warriors of Heaven and lead Heaven's forces during battle with the armies of evil.	AAAAAA==
631232	Angel	Ninth of the nineorders of angels.They are closest in nature to humans.They watch over individuals and warn those who stray from the path.	AAAAAA==
631233	Angel	Ninth of the nineorders of angels.They are closest in nature to humans.They watch over individuals and warn those who stray from the path.	AAAAAA==
631331	Bicorn	An evil creature with two curving horns from European folklore. It represents impurity	 unlike the Unicorn. Said to be derived from Re'em in the Bible. Another legend says that it feeds off of loyal husbands.	AAAAAA==
631332	Bicorn	An evil creature with two curving horns from European folklore. It represents impurity	 unlike the Unicorn. Said to be derived from Re'em in the Bible. Another legend says that it feeds off of loyal husbands.	AAAAAA==
631333	Bicorn	An evil creature with two curving horns from European folklore. It represents impurity	 unlike the Unicorn. Said to be derived from Re'em in the Bible. Another legend says that it feeds off of loyal husbands.	AAAAAA==
631431	Agathion	A general term for familiars used by Judeo-Christian magicians	 they are usually sealed away in bottles	 rings	 or talismans. They torment the target selected by the conjuror.	AAAAAA==
631432	Agathion	A general term for familiars used by Judeo-Christian magicians	 they are usually sealed away in bottles	 rings	 or talismans. They torment the target selected by the conjuror.	AAAAAA==
631433	Agathion	A general term for familiars used by Judeo-Christian magicians	 they are usually sealed away in bottles	 rings	 or talismans. They torment the target selected by the conjuror.	AAAAAA==
631434	Agathion	A general term for familiars used by Judeo-Christian magicians	 they are usually sealed away in bottles	 rings	 or talismans. They torment the target selected by the conjuror.	AAAAAA==
631531	Bicorn	An evil creature with two curving horns from European folklore. It represents impurity	 unlike the Unicorn. Said to be derived from Re'em in the Bible. Another legend says that it feeds off of loyal husbands.	AAAAAA==
631532	Bicorn	An evil creature with two curving horns from European folklore. It represents impurity	 unlike the Unicorn. Said to be derived from Re'em in the Bible. Another legend says that it feeds off of loyal husbands.	AAAAAA==
631631	Eligor	One of the 72 demons of the Goetia. He looks like a knight and has the power to see things to come. He also knows much about war.	AAAAAA==
631632	Pixie	Friendly fairies of the forest that tend to hide from humans. They like to play tricks on lazy people. It is said they are the souls of dead	 unbaptized children.	AAAAAA==
631633	Pixie	Friendly fairies of the forest that tend to hide from humans. They like to play tricks on lazy people. It is said they are the souls of dead	 unbaptized children.	AAAAAA==
632131	Nue	A creature of Japanese lore with a monkey's head	 tiger's legs	 and snake's tail. The Tale of Heike says it hid behind a dark cloud each night to attack the Emperor.	AAAAAA==
632141	Nue	A creature of Japanese lore with a monkey's head	 tiger's legs	 and snake's tail. The Tale of Heike says it hid behind a dark cloud each night to attack the Emperor.	AAAAAA==
632231	Mokoi	Evil spirits of Murngin lore believed to be reborn shadows. They kidnap and eat children	 and strike down any sorcerer who uses black magic.	AAAAAA==
632232	Hua Po	A spirit of Chinese folklore who dwells in trees once used for hangings. She is smaller than a human and cannot speak	 but her voice is said to be as clear and as beautiful as a bird's song.	AAAAAA==
632233	Mokoi	Evil spirits of Murngin lore believed to be reborn shadows. They kidnap and eat children	 and strike down any sorcerer who uses black magic.	AAAAAA==
632234	Hua Po	A spirit of Chinese folklore who dwells in trees once used for hangings. She is smaller than a human and cannot speak	 but her voice is said to be as clear and as beautiful as a bird's song.	AAAAAA==
632331	Inugami	A dog spirit said to possess people in Japanese lore. Those possessed are in a state of "inu-tsuki" and lose consciousness. Onmyoji use Inugami as familiars.	AAAAAA==
632332	Makami	A divine wolf god in Japanese folklore	 also written as "Oguchi-no-Magami." It is often drawn on prayer boards to prevent fires and thefts	 but it is also feared as a human-eater.	AAAAAA==
632333	Inugami	A dog spirit said to possess people in Japanese lore. Those possessed are in a state of "inu-tsuki" and lose consciousness. Onmyoji use Inugami as familiars.	AAAAAA==
632334	Makami	A divine wolf god in Japanese folklore	 also written as "Oguchi-no-Magami." It is often drawn on prayer boards to prevent fires and thefts	 but it is also feared as a human-eater.	AAAAAA==
700011	Archangel	Eighth of the nine orders of angels. Their duty is to minister to humans and deliver messages. They are warriors of Heaven and lead Heaven's forces during battle with the armies of evil.	AAAAAA==
700012	Angel	Ninth of the nineorders of angels.They are closest in nature to humans.They watch over individuals and warn those who stray from the path.	AAAAAA==
701011	Suzaku	One of the Ssu-Ling	 celestial creatures of Chinese myth. It is a giant bird that is said to chirp in five beautiful voices. It represents the direction south	 the season of summer	 and the element of fire.	AAAAAA==
701012	Apsaras	Hindu water spirits	 they are beautiful young women who dance for the gods. They also guide heroes fallen in battle to paradise.	AAAAAA==
701013	Apsaras	Hindu water spirits	 they are beautiful young women who dance for the gods. They also guide heroes fallen in battle to paradise.	AAAAAA==
701021	Oni	An evil monster from Japanese lore known for its hideous visage and brute strength. They loot and plunder villages	 massacring the townspeople with their iron clubs. They have horns on their heads	 red skin	 long claws	 and razor-sharp teeth.	AAAAAA==
701022	Obariyon	A "piggyback monster" of Japan that jumps on the backs of those who pass grassy paths. It is heavy and not easily removed	 but will turn into gold coins if you can carry it back home.	AAAAAA==
701023	Obariyon	A "piggyback monster" of Japan that jumps on the backs of those who pass grassy paths. It is heavy and not easily removed	 but will turn into gold coins if you can carry it back home.	AAAAAA==
701024	Jack Frost	A winter fairy of European descent. He leaves ice patterns on windows and nips people's noses. Though normally an innocent creature	 he will freeze his victims to death if provoked.	AAAAAA==
701025	Jack Frost	A winter fairy of European descent. He leaves ice patterns on windows and nips people's noses. Though normally an innocent creature	 he will freeze his victims to death if provoked.	AAAAAA==
701031	Lamia	A half-human	 half-snake female monster of Greek myth	 she was once the queen of Libya. Zeus's jealous wife	 Hera	 killed her children	 causing her to go mad and transform into a monster.	AAAAAA==
701041	Mothman	A cryptid sighted during the 60s-80s in West Virginia. It has shining red eyes and is named for the fin-like appendages on its sides. It uses its keen sense for blood to track down the source and feed on it.	AAAAAA==
701051	Eligor	One of the 72 demons of the Goetia. He looks like a knight and has the power to see things to come. He also knows much about war.	AAAAAA==
701052	Berith	One of the 72 demons of the Goetia. Known as the Duke of Hell	 he rides a gigantic horse and burns those without manners.	AAAAAA==
701053	Berith	One of the 72 demons of the Goetia. Known as the Duke of Hell	 he rides a gigantic horse and burns those without manners.	AAAAAA==
701061	Zouchouten	Also known as Virudhaka	 he is the protector of the South	 and is one of the four Heavenly Kings of Buddhist origin. He is the god of the five grains	 and was once the chief of the gods.	AAAAAA==
701062	Ippon-Datara	A one-eyed	 one-legged monster said to live deep in the mountains of Kumano	 Japan. It's believed to be the degraded blacksmith god	 Ame no Me-Hitotsu no Kami.	AAAAAA==
701063	Succubus	A female demon of European lore in medieval times. They visit sleeping men and have sexual intercourse with them. The victims don't wake up but may dream of the encounter.	AAAAAA==
701064	High Pixie	The leader of a swarm of pixies. Any pixie in a leadership role or with remarkable power is called by this name.	AAAAAA==
701071	Thor	The Norse thunder god and son of Odin	 Thor owns the power enhancing belt	 Megingjard	 and wields Mjolnir	 a hammer that causes lightning to strike and returns to its owner if thrown.	AAAAAA==
701081	Eligor	One of the 72 demons of the Goetia. He looks like a knight and has the power to see things to come. He also knows much about war.	AAAAAA==
701082	Okuninushi	A Kunitsu deity in Japanese mythology that governs agriculture and medicine. He's said to have built the country of Izumo with Susano-o's daughter	 Suseri-Hime.	AAAAAA==
701083	Succubus	A female demon of European lore in medieval times. They visit sleeping men and have sexual intercourse with them. The victims don't wake up but may dream of the encounter.	AAAAAA==
701084	Bicorn	An evil creature with two curving horns from European folklore. It represents impurity	 unlike the Unicorn. Said to be derived from Re'em in the Bible. Another legend says that it feeds off of loyal husbands.	AAAAAA==
701091	Dominion	The fourth of the nine orders of angels. Their duty is to oversee the other angels. Their actions are the manifestation of God's will.	AAAAAA==
702011	Bugs	A Welsh creature commonly known as "Bugbear" or the "Boogeyman." Its existence is often used by mothers to scare children into behaving.	AAAAAA==
702021	Mothman	A cryptid sighted during the 60s-80s in West Virginia. It has shining red eyes and is named for the fin-like appendages on its sides. It uses its keen sense for blood to track down the source and feed on it.	AAAAAA==
702022	Mothman	A cryptid sighted during the 60s-80s in West Virginia. It has shining red eyes and is named for the fin-like appendages on its sides. It uses its keen sense for blood to track down the source and feed on it.	AAAAAA==
702031	Leanan Sidhe	A beautiful fairy of Irish lore that yearns for the love of a human man. She drains the life of her lovers in return for granting them artistic inspiration.	AAAAAA==
702032	Jack Frost	A winter fairy of European descent. He leaves ice patterns on windows and nips people's noses. Though normally an innocent creature	 he will freeze his victims to death if provoked.	AAAAAA==
702033	Jack Frost	A winter fairy of European descent. He leaves ice patterns on windows and nips people's noses. Though normally an innocent creature	 he will freeze his victims to death if provoked.	AAAAAA==
702041	Orobas	One of the 72 demons of the Goetia. Known as the Prince of Hell	 he appears as a horse and answers questions of the past	 present	 and future. He is faithful to his conjurer.	AAAAAA==
702042	Archangel	Eighth of the nine orders of angels. Their duty is to minister to humans and deliver messages. They are warriors of Heaven and lead Heaven's forces during battle with the armies of evil.	AAAAAA==
702043	High Pixie	The leader of a swarm of pixies. Any pixie in a leadership role or with remarkable power is called by this name.	AAAAAA==
702051	Nue	A creature of Japanese lore with a monkey's head	 tiger's legs	 and snake's tail. The Tale of Heike says it hid behind a dark cloud each night to attack the Emperor.	AAAAAA==
702052	Orthrus	The two-headed pet dog belonging to the giant Geryon of Greek myth. He guarded a herd of red oxen but was killed by Hercules during one of his twelve labors.	AAAAAA==
702061	Phoenix	The legendary bird of Chinese myth	 said to appear only in times of peace. It is the ruler of all birds. When it dies	 birds across the land chirp with sadness.	AAAAAA==
702062	Nekomata	Long-lived cats are said to become these malevolent cat demons. Their powers vary according to how long they have lived	 ranging from shape-shifting to controlling the dead.	AAAAAA==
702063	Neko Shogun	A prophetic Taoist god	 originally known as Mao Shogun. Due to a linguistic error involving the Chinese word for "cat	 his name was changed to Neko Shogun.,AAAAAA==
702064,Inugami,A dog spirit said to possess people in Japanese lore. Those possessed are in a state of inu-tsuki" and lose consciousness. Onmyoji use Inugami as familiars.	AAAAAA==
702071	Arahabaki	A mysterious god of ancient Japan. Most famously worshipped by Nagasunehiko	 who was defeated in battle against Emperor Jinmu	 Arahabaki came to be treated as a symbol of rebellion and defiance.	AAAAAA==
702072	Ame-no-Uzume	Japanese goddess of entertainment	 she governs many sacred dances. She is most famous for luring out Amaterasu	 who had barricaded herself inside a cave.	AAAAAA==
702073	Shiki-Ouji	An exceptionally powerful shikigami. Only the most elite onmyoji are able to summon and bind it to paper. It can ward off disaster or cure illness	 but its ordinary temperament is quite vicious.	AAAAAA==
702074	Sudama	A spirit of rivers and mountains in Japanese lore	 it dwells in ancient trees and ageless rocks. They are not evil	 and will often appear as humans or supernatural wonders to warn people.	AAAAAA==
702081	Jikokuten	Also known as Dhritarashtra	 he is the protector of the East	 and is one of the four Heavenly Kings of Buddhist origin. He helps maintain the security of the nation.	AAAAAA==
702082	Archangel	Eighth of the nine orders of angels. Their duty is to minister to humans and deliver messages. They are warriors of Heaven and lead Heaven's forces during battle with the armies of evil.	AAAAAA==
702083	Shiisaa	A holy beast said to protect houses from evil and bring good fortune. They look similar to Shinto guardian dogs	 but are actually modeled after a lion. There are many stories about it in Ryukyu lore.	AAAAAA==
702084	Shiisaa	A holy beast said to protect houses from evil and bring good fortune. They look similar to Shinto guardian dogs	 but are actually modeled after a lion. There are many stories about it in Ryukyu lore.	AAAAAA==
702085	Archangel	Eighth of the nine orders of angels. Their duty is to minister to humans and deliver messages. They are warriors of Heaven and lead Heaven's forces during battle with the armies of evil.	AAAAAA==
702091	Nue	A creature of Japanese lore with a monkey's head	 tiger's legs	 and snake's tail. The Tale of Heike says it hid behind a dark cloud each night to attack the Emperor.	AAAAAA==
702092	Onmoraki	A monstrous	 fire spitting	 Japanese bird with a man's face. It is actually a corpse that was not given a proper memorial service. They appear before monks who neglect their duties.	AAAAAA==
702093	Onmoraki	A monstrous	 fire spitting	 Japanese bird with a man's face. It is actually a corpse that was not given a proper memorial service. They appear before monks who neglect their duties.	AAAAAA==
702101	Sui-Ki	One of the four oni controlled by Fujiwara no Chikata	 it can cause floods with the swing of its arms. In the Taiheiki	 Ki no Tomoo expelled the oni by reading a Japanese poem.	AAAAAA==
702102	Mothman	A cryptid sighted during the 60s-80s in West Virginia. It has shining red eyes and is named for the fin-like appendages on its sides. It uses its keen sense for blood to track down the source and feed on it.	AAAAAA==
702103	Mothman	A cryptid sighted during the 60s-80s in West Virginia. It has shining red eyes and is named for the fin-like appendages on its sides. It uses its keen sense for blood to track down the source and feed on it.	AAAAAA==
702111	Shiki-Ouji	An exceptionally powerful shikigami. Only the most elite onmyoji are able to summon and bind it to paper. It can ward off disaster or cure illness	 but its ordinary temperament is quite vicious.	AAAAAA==
702112	Shiki-Ouji	An exceptionally powerful shikigami. Only the most elite onmyoji are able to summon and bind it to paper. It can ward off disaster or cure illness	 but its ordinary temperament is quite vicious.	AAAAAA==
702113	Shiki-Ouji	An exceptionally powerful shikigami. Only the most elite onmyoji are able to summon and bind it to paper. It can ward off disaster or cure illness	 but its ordinary temperament is quite vicious.	AAAAAA==
702114	Shiki-Ouji	An exceptionally powerful shikigami. Only the most elite onmyoji are able to summon and bind it to paper. It can ward off disaster or cure illness	 but its ordinary temperament is quite vicious.	AAAAAA==
702121	Ame-no-Uzume	Japanese goddess of entertainment	 she governs many sacred dances. She is most famous for luring out Amaterasu	 who had barricaded herself inside a cave.	AAAAAA==
702122	Nekomata	Long-lived cats are said to become these malevolent cat demons. Their powers vary according to how long they have lived	 ranging from shape-shifting to controlling the dead.	AAAAAA==
702123	Nekomata	Long-lived cats are said to become these malevolent cat demons. Their powers vary according to how long they have lived	 ranging from shape-shifting to controlling the dead.	AAAAAA==
702131	Orthrus	The two-headed pet dog belonging to the giant Geryon of Greek myth. He guarded a herd of red oxen but was killed by Hercules during one of his twelve labors.	AAAAAA==
702132	Orthrus	The two-headed pet dog belonging to the giant Geryon of Greek myth. He guarded a herd of red oxen but was killed by Hercules during one of his twelve labors.	AAAAAA==
702133	Orthrus	The two-headed pet dog belonging to the giant Geryon of Greek myth. He guarded a herd of red oxen but was killed by Hercules during one of his twelve labors.	AAAAAA==
702134	Orthrus	The two-headed pet dog belonging to the giant Geryon of Greek myth. He guarded a herd of red oxen but was killed by Hercules during one of his twelve labors.	AAAAAA==
702141	Anubis	The jackal-headed god of the dead and embalming from Egyptian myth. He weighs the hearts of the dead to determine their final destination.	AAAAAA==
702142	Thoth	Egyptian moon god that takes the form of a baboon	 he is the one who measures time. He gave Isis the power to resurrect Osiris after he was killed by the evil god Seth.	AAAAAA==
702151	Unicorn	A legendary white horse with a single spiral horn. It can only be tamed by a pure maiden	 and its horn supposedly has miraculous healing capabilities.	AAAAAA==
702152	Leanan Sidhe	A beautiful fairy of Irish lore that yearns for the love of a human man. She drains the life of her lovers in return for granting them artistic inspiration.	AAAAAA==
702153	Leanan Sidhe	A beautiful fairy of Irish lore that yearns for the love of a human man. She drains the life of her lovers in return for granting them artistic inspiration.	AAAAAA==
702161	Okuninushi	A Kunitsu deity in Japanese mythology that governs agriculture and medicine. He's said to have built the country of Izumo with Susano-o's daughter	 Suseri-Hime.	AAAAAA==
702162	Nigi Mitama	One of the four aspects of Shinto thought	 it works gently to help maintain a calm mind. It is said to aid in one's relations and sociability	 and can lead one in a positive direction.	AAAAAA==
702163	Kushi Mitama	One of the four aspects of Shinto thought	 it uses its power to bring blessings related to healing illnesses and staying healthy. It is said to have supernatural powers and cause mysterious events.	AAAAAA==
702164	Saki Mitama	One of the four aspects of Shinto thought	 it brings great bounty from the hunt. It is said to aid in love	 profit	 and growth	 and can create new paths.	AAAAAA==
702165	Nigi Mitama	One of the four aspects of Shinto thought	 it works gently to help maintain a calm mind. It is said to aid in one's relations and sociability	 and can lead one in a positive direction.	AAAAAA==
702166	Kushi Mitama	One of the four aspects of Shinto thought	 it uses its power to bring blessings related to healing illnesses and staying healthy. It is said to have supernatural powers and cause mysterious events.	AAAAAA==
702167	Saki Mitama	One of the four aspects of Shinto thought	 it brings great bounty from the hunt. It is said to aid in love	 profit	 and growth	 and can create new paths.	AAAAAA==
702171	Belphegor	Demonic governor of the deadly sin of sloth. He also excels at invention and discovery. May be derived from Ba'al Pe'or	 Syrian god of abundant crops.	AAAAAA==
702172	Mokoi	Evil spirits of Murngin lore believed to be reborn shadows. They kidnap and eat children	 and strike down any sorcerer who uses black magic.	AAAAAA==
702181	Arahabaki	A mysterious god of ancient Japan. Most famously worshipped by Nagasunehiko	 who was defeated in battle against Emperor Jinmu	 Arahabaki came to be treated as a symbol of rebellion and defiance.	AAAAAA==
702182	Kodama	Japanese plant spirits born from trees that have lived for a hundred years. Cutting down one of these trees is said to cause misfortune.	AAAAAA==
702183	Sudama	A spirit of rivers and mountains in Japanese lore	 it dwells in ancient trees and ageless rocks. They are not evil	 and will often appear as humans or supernatural wonders to warn people.	AAAAAA==
703011	Black Ooze	A mass of malevolent intent and emotion that failed to become a true demon. All it does is eat	 prey	 and grow.	AAAAAA==
703021	Suzaku	One of the Ssu-Ling	 celestial creatures of Chinese myth. It is a giant bird that is said to chirp in five beautiful voices. It represents the direction south	 the season of summer	 and the element of fire.	AAAAAA==
703022	Jack Frost	A winter fairy of European descent. He leaves ice patterns on windows and nips people's noses. Though normally an innocent creature	 he will freeze his victims to death if provoked.	AAAAAA==
703023	Jack Frost	A winter fairy of European descent. He leaves ice patterns on windows and nips people's noses. Though normally an innocent creature	 he will freeze his victims to death if provoked.	AAAAAA==
703024	Jack Frost	A winter fairy of European descent. He leaves ice patterns on windows and nips people's noses. Though normally an innocent creature	 he will freeze his victims to death if provoked.	AAAAAA==
703025	Jack Frost	A winter fairy of European descent. He leaves ice patterns on windows and nips people's noses. Though normally an innocent creature	 he will freeze his victims to death if provoked.	AAAAAA==
703031	Setanta	A brave young man in Celtic myth. After defeating a fierce guard dog	 he volunteered to take its place	 earning him the nickname "Hound of Culann."	AAAAAA==
703032	Makami	A divine wolf god in Japanese folklore	 also written as "Oguchi-no-Magami." It is often drawn on prayer boards to prevent fires and thefts	 but it is also feared as a human-eater.	AAAAAA==
703033	Makami	A divine wolf god in Japanese folklore	 also written as "Oguchi-no-Magami." It is often drawn on prayer boards to prevent fires and thefts	 but it is also feared as a human-eater.	AAAAAA==
703034	Sudama	A spirit of rivers and mountains in Japanese lore	 it dwells in ancient trees and ageless rocks. They are not evil	 and will often appear as humans or supernatural wonders to warn people.	AAAAAA==
703041	Eligor	One of the 72 demons of the Goetia. He looks like a knight and has the power to see things to come. He also knows much about war.	AAAAAA==
703042	Berith	One of the 72 demons of the Goetia. Known as the Duke of Hell	 he rides a gigantic horse and burns those without manners.	AAAAAA==
703043	Berith	One of the 72 demons of the Goetia. Known as the Duke of Hell	 he rides a gigantic horse and burns those without manners.	AAAAAA==
703044	Berith	One of the 72 demons of the Goetia. Known as the Duke of Hell	 he rides a gigantic horse and burns those without manners.	AAAAAA==
703051	Archangel	Eighth of the nine orders of angels. Their duty is to minister to humans and deliver messages. They are warriors of Heaven and lead Heaven's forces during battle with the armies of evil.	AAAAAA==
703052	Angel	Ninth of the nineorders of angels.They are closest in nature to humans.They watch over individuals and warn those who stray from the path.	AAAAAA==
703053	Angel	Ninth of the nineorders of angels.They are closest in nature to humans.They watch over individuals and warn those who stray from the path.	AAAAAA==
703061	Seth	The Egyptian god of the desert	 chaos	 and evil. He murdered his brother	 Osiris	 and tried to become chief god	 but he was castrated by Osiris's son	 Horus.	AAAAAA==
703062	Horus	An ancient god of Egypt whose eyes are the sun and moon. Revered by some as the chief god	 he is often depicted as a hawk or a falcon.	AAAAAA==
703063	Anubis	The jackal-headed god of the dead and embalming from Egyptian myth. He weighs the hearts of the dead to determine their final destination.	AAAAAA==
703064	Isis	Osiris's wife as well as his younger sister. Upon the death of her husband	 she revived him with her incredible magic power. Isis is seen at many gravesites as the guardian goddess of the dead.	AAAAAA==
703071	Girimehkala	A giant elephant monster of Sri Lankan myth	 it is typically portrayed as being ridden by the Evil One	 Mara. Whoever looks into its evil eye is said to be met with misfortune.	AAAAAA==
703072	Sudama	A spirit of rivers and mountains in Japanese lore	 it dwells in ancient trees and ageless rocks. They are not evil	 and will often appear as humans or supernatural wonders to warn people.	AAAAAA==
703081	Oberon	The king of the fairies and Titania's husband. He is quite old but	 due to a curse	 his looks are that of a young boy. He often flirts with human women	 which sometimes earns him a scolding from his wife.	AAAAAA==
703082	Titania	The queen of the fairies and Oberon's wife. She is derived from the Roman goddess Diana. She was later immortalized in Shakespeare's play "A Midsummer Night's Dream."	AAAAAA==
703091	Arahabaki	A mysterious god of ancient Japan. Most famously worshipped by Nagasunehiko	 who was defeated in battle against Emperor Jinmu	 Arahabaki came to be treated as a symbol of rebellion and defiance.	AAAAAA==
703101	Take-Minakata	A Japanese god of war	 hunting and fertility. He fought Take-Mikazuchi for control of Japan and lost. He escaped to Suwa	 but has been prohibited to leave since then.	AAAAAA==
703111	Jack Frost	A winter fairy of European descent. He leaves ice patterns on windows and nips people's noses. Though normally an innocent creature	 he will freeze his victims to death if provoked.	AAAAAA==
703112	Jack Frost	A winter fairy of European descent. He leaves ice patterns on windows and nips people's noses. Though normally an innocent creature	 he will freeze his victims to death if provoked.	AAAAAA==
703113	Jack Frost	A winter fairy of European descent. He leaves ice patterns on windows and nips people's noses. Though normally an innocent creature	 he will freeze his victims to death if provoked.	AAAAAA==
703114	Jack-o'-Lantern	A drunkard who tricked the Devil out of taking him to Hell. When refused entry to Heaven	 he was forced to wander the earth with only an ember as a light.	AAAAAA==
703115	Jack-o'-Lantern	A drunkard who tricked the Devil out of taking him to Hell. When refused entry to Heaven	 he was forced to wander the earth with only an ember as a light.	AAAAAA==
703116	King Frost	The king of snow who rules over an infinite number of Jack Frosts. He has the power to freeze the entire world	 but is unaware of it due to his naïve personality.	AAAAAA==
703117	Black Frost	A Jack Frost that yearned for evil. This powerful demon is born when a cute Jack Frost remembers its demonic nature.	AAAAAA==
703118	Black Frost	A Jack Frost that yearned for evil. This powerful demon is born when a cute Jack Frost remembers its demonic nature.	AAAAAA==
703121	Clotho	The youngest of the three Moirae Sisters of Greek legend. She spins the threads of life with her spindle.	AAAAAA==
703122	Lachesis	The middle sister of the three Moirae Sisters of Greek legend. She is the apportioner	 measuring the thread which determines each person's lifespan.	AAAAAA==
703123	Atropos	The eldest of the three Moirae Sisters of Greek mythology. She cuts the threads of life for those whose time has come.	AAAAAA==
703124	Spirit of Fate I	-	AAAAAA==
703125	Spirit of Fate II	-	AAAAAA==
703126	Spirit of Fate III	-	AAAAAA==
703127	Spirit of Fate III	-	AAAAAA==
703128	Spirit of Fate IV	-	AAAAAA==
703131	Hecatoncheires	Giants born from Uranus and Gaia. The name means "those with a hundred arms." During the war of the Titans	 Zeus freed them from the Underworld to help him obtain victory.	AAAAAA==
703132	Avatar of Arms	-	AAAAAA==
703133	Avatar of Gathering	-	AAAAAA==
703141	Yamata-no-Orochi	A giant snake with eight heads that Susano-o defeated to save Kushinada-Hime. The legendary sword Ame-no-Murakumo-no-Tsurugi	 also known as the "Sword of Kusanagi	 emerged from its belly.,AAAAAA==
703142,Yamata-no-Orochi,A giant snake with eight heads that Susano-o defeated to save Kushinada-Hime. The legendary sword Ame-no-Murakumo-no-Tsurugi, also known as the Sword of Kusanagi	 emerged from its belly.,AAAAAA==
703143,Yamata-no-Orochi,A giant snake with eight heads that Susano-o defeated to save Kushinada-Hime. The legendary sword Ame-no-Murakumo-no-Tsurugi, also known as the Sword of Kusanagi	 emerged from its belly.,AAAAAA==
703144,Yamata-no-Orochi,A giant snake with eight heads that Susano-o defeated to save Kushinada-Hime. The legendary sword Ame-no-Murakumo-no-Tsurugi, also known as the Sword of Kusanagi	 emerged from its belly.,AAAAAA==
703145,Yamata-no-Orochi,A giant snake with eight heads that Susano-o defeated to save Kushinada-Hime. The legendary sword Ame-no-Murakumo-no-Tsurugi, also known as the Sword of Kusanagi	 emerged from its belly.,AAAAAA==
703146,Serpent's Tail,-,AAAAAA==
703147,Psychokinesis Serpent,-,AAAAAA==
703148,Nuclear Serpent,-,AAAAAA==
703149,Bless Serpent,-,AAAAAA==
703150,Curse Serpent,-,AAAAAA==
704011,Saki Mitama,One of the four aspects of Shinto thought, it brings great bounty from the hunt. It is said to aid in love, profit, and growth, and can create new paths.,AAAAAA==
704012,Nigi Mitama,One of the four aspects of Shinto thought, it works gently to help maintain a calm mind. It is said to aid in one's relations and sociability, and can lead one in a positive direction.,AAAAAA==
704013,Kushi Mitama,One of the four aspects of Shinto thought, it uses its power to bring blessings related to healing illnesses and staying healthy. It is said to have supernatural powers and cause mysterious events.,AAAAAA==
704014,Ara Mitama,One of the four aspects of Shinto thought, it has the power to grant ferocity. It is said to aid in one's bravery, growth, and endeavors, though it can lead in a negative direction.,AAAAAA==
704021,Thoth,Egyptian moon god that takes the form of a baboon, he is the one who measures time. He gave Isis the power to resurrect Osiris after he was killed by the evil god Seth.,AAAAAA==
704022,Increase (Large),-,AAAAAA==
704023,Increase (Small),-,AAAAAA==
704024,Decrease (Large),-,AAAAAA==
704025,Decrease (Small),-,AAAAAA==
704031,Kurama Tengu,A type of tengu said to have lived on Mt. Kurama in Kyoto. The most powerful and well-known of the tengu, they have the power to fend off disease and bring good fortune.,AAAAAA==
704032,Sudama,A spirit of rivers and mountains in Japanese lore, it dwells in ancient trees and ageless rocks. They are not evil, and will often appear as humans or supernatural wonders to warn people.,AAAAAA==
704041,Kurama Tengu,A type of tengu said to have lived on Mt. Kurama in Kyoto. The most powerful and well-known of the tengu, they have the power to fend off disease and bring good fortune.,AAAAAA==
704042,Kodama,Japanese plant spirits born from trees that have lived for a hundred years. Cutting down one of these trees is said to cause misfortune.,AAAAAA==
704051,Thoth,Egyptian moon god that takes the form of a baboon, he is the one who measures time. He gave Isis the power to resurrect Osiris after he was killed by the evil god Seth.,AAAAAA==
704061,Queen Mab,The fairy queen in Celtic myth. Often identified with Titania. She would offer mead mixed with her blood to her many consorts.,AAAAAA==
704071,Queen's Necklace,The diamond necklace that Jeanne de la Motte swindled from jewelers in 1785 by claiming it was on behalf of the Queen of France, Marie Antoinette.,AAAAAA==
704072,Sarasvati,The Hindu goddess of rivers, and patron of speech, writing, learning, the arts, and sciences. Brahma is her husband.,AAAAAA==
704073,Inugami,A dog spirit said to possess people in Japanese lore. Those possessed are in a state of inu-tsuki" and lose consciousness. Onmyoji use Inugami as familiars.	AAAAAA==
704074	Sarasvati	The Hindu goddess of rivers	 and patron of speech	 writing	 learning	 the arts	 and sciences. Brahma is her husband.	AAAAAA==
704075	Inugami	A dog spirit said to possess people in Japanese lore. Those possessed are in a state of "inu-tsuki" and lose consciousness. Onmyoji use Inugami as familiars.	AAAAAA==
708011	Bugs	A Welsh creature commonly known as "Bugbear" or the "Boogeyman." Its existence is often used by mothers to scare children into behaving.	AAAAAA==
708021	Hell Biker	A motorcyclist whose violent nature turned him into a demon. His anger with himself and the world causes him to lash out	 that everyone else would suffer as well.	AAAAAA==
708022	Archangel	Eighth of the nine orders of angels. Their duty is to minister to humans and deliver messages. They are warriors of Heaven and lead Heaven's forces during battle with the armies of evil.	AAAAAA==
708031	Kikuri-Hime	The goddess of life in Shinto myth. She once mediated between Izanagi and Izanami during their confrontation in Yomi	 the land of the dead.	AAAAAA==
708032	Kushinada	A Japanese goddess. She governs fields and fertility. All of her sisters were sacrificed to Yamata-no-Orochi	 but she was saved by Susano-o and became his wife.	AAAAAA==
708033	Ame-no-Uzume	Japanese goddess of entertainment	 she governs many sacred dances. She is most famous for luring out Amaterasu	 who had barricaded herself inside a cave.	AAAAAA==
708041	Moloch	A Canaanite god of fire. A bronze statue of a man with a bull's head stands at his altar. The statue was heated and sacrificial children were thrown inside.	AAAAAA==
708051	Cerberus	The guardian hound who prevents anyone from entering or exiting the underworld in Greek lore. It was born from Typhon and Echidna	 and is the older brother of Orthrus.	AAAAAA==
708052	Orthrus	The two-headed pet dog belonging to the giant Geryon of Greek myth. He guarded a herd of red oxen but was killed by Hercules during one of his twelve labors.	AAAAAA==
708061	Jatayu	The Hindu king of birds. In the Ramayana	 he fought bravely against Ravana in an attempt to save Sita	 Rama's wife and the seventh avatar of Vishnu	 but lost.	AAAAAA==
708062	Garuda	A divine bird-man in Hindu lore	 he once fought the gods and received immortality in exchange for becoming Vishnu's carrier.	AAAAAA==
708071	King Frost	The king of snow who rules over an infinite number of Jack Frosts. He has the power to freeze the entire world	 but is unaware of it due to his naïve personality.	AAAAAA==
708072	Black Frost	A Jack Frost that yearned for evil. This powerful demon is born when a cute Jack Frost remembers its demonic nature.	AAAAAA==
708081	Surt	A fire giant in Norse lore. He rules the fire realm	 Muspelheim	 and brandishes a burning sword. At Ragnarok	 he will set the world ablaze.	AAAAAA==
708082	Baphomet	A goat-headed demon that is worshipped in Black Sabbaths. His name can be used as a catch-all term for demons in general. He would become an object of worship for witches.	AAAAAA==
708091	Quetzalcoatl	An Aztec deity known as the Feathered Serpent. He created humans with his own blood and taught them how to sustain themselves.	AAAAAA==
708092	Yurlungur	A snake with a rainbow body from Yolngu lore. He is a fertility deity who controls the weather and resides in a holy pond filled with rainbow-colored water.	AAAAAA==
708093	Yurlungur	A snake with a rainbow body from Yolngu lore. He is a fertility deity who controls the weather and resides in a holy pond filled with rainbow-colored water.	AAAAAA==
708101	Raja Naga	The king of the Naga	 a half-man	 half-snake tribe in Hindu lore. The dragon kings Nanda and Takshaka of Buddhist myth fall into this royal category.	AAAAAA==
708102	Yurlungur	A snake with a rainbow body from Yolngu lore. He is a fertility deity who controls the weather and resides in a holy pond filled with rainbow-colored water.	AAAAAA==
708103	Yurlungur	A snake with a rainbow body from Yolngu lore. He is a fertility deity who controls the weather and resides in a holy pond filled with rainbow-colored water.	AAAAAA==
708111	Abaddon	The "Destroyer" and "Angel of the Bottomless Pit" as described in ancient scriptures. He controls locusts	 using them to cause massive destruction to villages.	AAAAAA==
708121	Beelzebub	Demonic Lord of the Flies whose insect minions carry souls for him to control. He is mentioned in the Bible as a leader of evil spirits and is seen as a powerful demon.	AAAAAA==
708131	Seiryu	The noblest of the Ssu-Ling creatures of Chinese myth. It represents the direction east	 the season of spring	 and the element of wood. It dwells in a palace at the bottom of the ocean.	AAAAAA==
708132	Byakko	One of the Ssu-Ling	 celestial creatures of Chinese myth. It represents the direction west	 the season of autumn	 and the element of metal. He is believed to be the king of all beasts.	AAAAAA==
708133	Suzaku	One of the Ssu-Ling	 celestial creatures of Chinese myth. It is a giant bird that is said to chirp in five beautiful voices. It represents the direction south	 the season of summer	 and the element of fire.	AAAAAA==
708134	Genbu	One of the Ssu-Ling	 celestial creatures of Chinese myth. It represents the direction north	 the season of winter	 and the element of water. Known to be a great warrior	 it supports the Earth from below.	AAAAAA==
708141	White Rider	One of the Four Horsemen of the Apocalypse	 he rides a white horse with a bow in hand. A crown was granted to him	 and he promises victory.	AAAAAA==
708142	Black Rider	One of the Four Horsemen of the Apocalypse	 he rides a black horse and carries scales. He brings famine and has the right to end lives through suffering.	AAAAAA==
708143	Pale Rider	One of the Four Horsemen of the Apocalypse	 he rides a pale horse and represents death. He has the power to destroy life.	AAAAAA==
708144	Red Rider	One of the Four Horsemen of the Apocalypse	 he rides a red horse and carries a great sword. He has the power to destroy peace and make men slay one another.	AAAAAA==
711011	Archangel	Eighth of the nine orders of angels. Their duty is to minister to humans and deliver messages. They are warriors of Heaven and lead Heaven's forces during battle with the armies of evil.	AAAAAA==
711012	Angel	Ninth of the nineorders of angels.They are closest in nature to humans.They watch over individuals and warn those who stray from the path.	AAAAAA==
711021	Bicorn	An evil creature with two curving horns from European folklore. It represents impurity	 unlike the Unicorn. Said to be derived from Re'em in the Bible. Another legend says that it feeds off of loyal husbands.	AAAAAA==
711022	Bicorn	An evil creature with two curving horns from European folklore. It represents impurity	 unlike the Unicorn. Said to be derived from Re'em in the Bible. Another legend says that it feeds off of loyal husbands.	AAAAAA==
711023	Kelpie	A horse-like fairy of Celtic folklore that lives by the water. It drowns those who ride on it	 but is a valuable mount if you can tame it.	AAAAAA==
711024	Kelpie	A horse-like fairy of Celtic folklore that lives by the water. It drowns those who ride on it	 but is a valuable mount if you can tame it.	AAAAAA==
711031	Silky	A fairy of England and Scotland. She carries out household chores while everyone sleeps and is a welcome spirit. It is said you can hear her silk skirt rustle as she works.	AAAAAA==
711032	Silky	A fairy of England and Scotland. She carries out household chores while everyone sleeps and is a welcome spirit. It is said you can hear her silk skirt rustle as she works.	AAAAAA==
711033	Apsaras	Hindu water spirits	 they are beautiful young women who dance for the gods. They also guide heroes fallen in battle to paradise.	AAAAAA==
711034	Apsaras	Hindu water spirits	 they are beautiful young women who dance for the gods. They also guide heroes fallen in battle to paradise.	AAAAAA==
711041	Kodama	Japanese plant spirits born from trees that have lived for a hundred years. Cutting down one of these trees is said to cause misfortune.	AAAAAA==
711042	Kodama	Japanese plant spirits born from trees that have lived for a hundred years. Cutting down one of these trees is said to cause misfortune.	AAAAAA==
711043	Sudama	A spirit of rivers and mountains in Japanese lore	 it dwells in ancient trees and ageless rocks. They are not evil	 and will often appear as humans or supernatural wonders to warn people.	AAAAAA==
711044	Sudama	A spirit of rivers and mountains in Japanese lore	 it dwells in ancient trees and ageless rocks. They are not evil	 and will often appear as humans or supernatural wonders to warn people.	AAAAAA==
711051	Jikokuten	Also known as Dhritarashtra	 he is the protector of the East	 and is one of the four Heavenly Kings of Buddhist origin. He helps maintain the security of the nation.	AAAAAA==
711052	Shiisaa	A holy beast said to protect houses from evil and bring good fortune. They look similar to Shinto guardian dogs	 but are actually modeled after a lion. There are many stories about it in Ryukyu lore.	AAAAAA==
711053	Shiisaa	A holy beast said to protect houses from evil and bring good fortune. They look similar to Shinto guardian dogs	 but are actually modeled after a lion. There are many stories about it in Ryukyu lore.	AAAAAA==
711061	Phoenix	The legendary bird of Chinese myth	 said to appear only in times of peace. It is the ruler of all birds. When it dies	 birds across the land chirp with sadness.	AAAAAA==
711062	Sandman	A fairy in German folklore who carries a bag of magical sand	 which puts humans to sleep when thrown into their eyes. If the victim resists	 the Sandman will sit on their eyelids.	AAAAAA==
711063	Sandman	A fairy in German folklore who carries a bag of magical sand	 which puts humans to sleep when thrown into their eyes. If the victim resists	 the Sandman will sit on their eyelids.	AAAAAA==
711071	Ippon-Datara	A one-eyed	 one-legged monster said to live deep in the mountains of Kumano	 Japan. It's believed to be the degraded blacksmith god	 Ame no Me-Hitotsu no Kami.	AAAAAA==
711072	Koppa Tengu	A type of tengu. Their spiritual power is weaker than other tengu	 so they are much smaller. They are said to be the reincarnations of long-lived wolves.	AAAAAA==
711081	Orthrus	The two-headed pet dog belonging to the giant Geryon of Greek myth. He guarded a herd of red oxen but was killed by Hercules during one of his twelve labors.	AAAAAA==
711082	Nekomata	Long-lived cats are said to become these malevolent cat demons. Their powers vary according to how long they have lived	 ranging from shape-shifting to controlling the dead.	AAAAAA==
711083	Nekomata	Long-lived cats are said to become these malevolent cat demons. Their powers vary according to how long they have lived	 ranging from shape-shifting to controlling the dead.	AAAAAA==
711091	Naga	Half-snake	 half-human divine beings in Hindu lore	 worshipped as bringers of rain. They live in the bottoms of lakes and seas	 singing and dancing when they are not fighting.	AAAAAA==
711092	Lamia	A half-human	 half-snake female monster of Greek myth	 she was once the queen of Libya. Zeus's jealous wife	 Hera	 killed her children	 causing her to go mad and transform into a monster.	AAAAAA==
711101	Decarabia	One of the 72 demons of the Goetia	 this demon appears as a pentacle. Keeper of jewels and herbal lore	 Decarabia is said to have the ability to shape-shift at will.	AAAAAA==
711102	Decarabia	One of the 72 demons of the Goetia	 this demon appears as a pentacle. Keeper of jewels and herbal lore	 Decarabia is said to have the ability to shape-shift at will.	AAAAAA==
711111	Neko Shogun	A prophetic Taoist god	 originally known as Mao Shogun. Due to a linguistic error involving the Chinese word for "cat	 his name was changed to Neko Shogun.,AAAAAA==
711121,Lilim,A demon who tempts sleeping men and attacks infants. She is the daughter of the demoness, Lilith. Like her mother, she drains men of their essence.,AAAAAA==
711122,Lilim,A demon who tempts sleeping men and attacks infants. She is the daughter of the demoness, Lilith. Like her mother, she drains men of their essence.,AAAAAA==
711131,Hariti,Also known as Kishimojin, she once ate children, but stopped after Buddha changed her ways. She now eats pomegranates and is a goddess of parenting.,AAAAAA==
711132,Kikuri-Hime,The goddess of life in Shinto myth. She once mediated between Izanagi and Izanami during their confrontation in Yomi, the land of the dead.,AAAAAA==
711141,Zouchouten,Also known as Virudhaka, he is the protector of the South, and is one of the four Heavenly Kings of Buddhist origin. He is the god of the five grains, and was once the chief of the gods.,AAAAAA==
711142,Jikokuten,Also known as Dhritarashtra, he is the protector of the East, and is one of the four Heavenly Kings of Buddhist origin. He helps maintain the security of the nation.,AAAAAA==
711151,Hell Biker,A motorcyclist whose violent nature turned him into a demon. His anger with himself and the world causes him to lash out, that everyone else would suffer as well.,AAAAAA==
711161,Belphegor,Demonic governor of the deadly sin of sloth. He also excels at invention and discovery. May be derived from Ba'al Pe'or, Syrian god of abundant crops.,AAAAAA==
711162,Andras,One of the 72 demons of the Goetia. The great Marquis of Hell, he appears where there is battle to stoke the hatred within soldiers. He helps defeat the enemies of those who summon him.,AAAAAA==
711163,Andras,One of the 72 demons of the Goetia. The great Marquis of Hell, he appears where there is battle to stoke the hatred within soldiers. He helps defeat the enemies of those who summon him.,AAAAAA==
711171,Ose,One of the 72 demons of the Goetia, he is known as the President of Hell. He can shape-shift from leopard to human and reveal the truth behind divine mysteries.,AAAAAA==
711172,Nekomata,Long-lived cats are said to become these malevolent cat demons. Their powers vary according to how long they have lived, ranging from shape-shifting to controlling the dead.,AAAAAA==
711173,Nekomata,Long-lived cats are said to become these malevolent cat demons. Their powers vary according to how long they have lived, ranging from shape-shifting to controlling the dead.,AAAAAA==
711181,Bugs,A Welsh creature commonly known as Bugbear" or the "Boogeyman." Its existence is often used by mothers to scare children into behaving.	AAAAAA==
711182	Bugs	A Welsh creature commonly known as "Bugbear" or the "Boogeyman." Its existence is often used by mothers to scare children into behaving.	AAAAAA==
711183	Bugs	A Welsh creature commonly known as "Bugbear" or the "Boogeyman." Its existence is often used by mothers to scare children into behaving.	AAAAAA==
711184	Bugs	A Welsh creature commonly known as "Bugbear" or the "Boogeyman." Its existence is often used by mothers to scare children into behaving.	AAAAAA==
711191	Jatayu	The Hindu king of birds. In the Ramayana	 he fought bravely against Ravana in an attempt to save Sita	 Rama's wife and the seventh avatar of Vishnu	 but lost.	AAAAAA==
711192	Garuda	A divine bird-man in Hindu lore	 he once fought the gods and received immortality in exchange for becoming Vishnu's carrier.	AAAAAA==
711201	Hecatoncheires	Giants born from Uranus and Gaia. The name means "those with a hundred arms." During the war of the Titans	 Zeus freed them from the Underworld to help him obtain victory.	AAAAAA==
711211	Thor	The Norse thunder god and son of Odin	 Thor owns the power enhancing belt	 Megingjard	 and wields Mjolnir	 a hammer that causes lightning to strike and returns to its owner if thrown.	AAAAAA==
711221	Queen Mab	The fairy queen in Celtic myth. Often identified with Titania. She would offer mead mixed with her blood to her many consorts.	AAAAAA==
711222	Queen Mab	The fairy queen in Celtic myth. Often identified with Titania. She would offer mead mixed with her blood to her many consorts.	AAAAAA==
711231	Ganesha	The Hindu elephant-headed god. He was originally created by Parvati in order to prevent anyone from watching her bathe. Shiva batted off his original head and replaced it with an elephant's head.	AAAAAA==
711232	Girimehkala	A giant elephant monster of Sri Lankan myth	 it is typically portrayed as being ridden by the Evil One	 Mara. Whoever looks into its evil eye is said to be met with misfortune.	AAAAAA==
711241	Seth	The Egyptian god of the desert	 chaos	 and evil. He murdered his brother	 Osiris	 and tried to become chief god	 but he was castrated by Osiris's son	 Horus.	AAAAAA==
711242	Horus	An ancient god of Egypt whose eyes are the sun and moon. Revered by some as the chief god	 he is often depicted as a hawk or a falcon.	AAAAAA==
711251	Clotho	The youngest of the three Moirae Sisters of Greek legend. She spins the threads of life with her spindle.	AAAAAA==
711252	Lachesis	The middle sister of the three Moirae Sisters of Greek legend. She is the apportioner	 measuring the thread which determines each person's lifespan.	AAAAAA==
711253	Atropos	The eldest of the three Moirae Sisters of Greek mythology. She cuts the threads of life for those whose time has come.	AAAAAA==
711261	King Frost	The king of snow who rules over an infinite number of Jack Frosts. He has the power to freeze the entire world	 but is unaware of it due to his naïve personality.	AAAAAA==
711262	Jack Frost	A winter fairy of European descent. He leaves ice patterns on windows and nips people's noses. Though normally an innocent creature	 he will freeze his victims to death if provoked.	AAAAAA==
711263	Jack Frost	A winter fairy of European descent. He leaves ice patterns on windows and nips people's noses. Though normally an innocent creature	 he will freeze his victims to death if provoked.	AAAAAA==
711271	Mara	A Buddhist demon that represents the fear of death. Also known as "The Evil One	 he sent his daughters to tempt Buddha during his meditations.,AAAAAA==
711281,White Rider,One of the Four Horsemen of the Apocalypse, he rides a white horse with a bow in hand. A crown was granted to him, and he promises victory.,AAAAAA==
711282,Black Rider,One of the Four Horsemen of the Apocalypse, he rides a black horse and carries scales. He brings famine and has the right to end lives through suffering.,AAAAAA==
711283,Pale Rider,One of the Four Horsemen of the Apocalypse, he rides a pale horse and represents death. He has the power to destroy life.,AAAAAA==
711284,Red Rider,One of the Four Horsemen of the Apocalypse, he rides a red horse and carries a great sword. He has the power to destroy peace and make men slay one another.,AAAAAA==
711291,Seiryu,The noblest of the Ssu-Ling creatures of Chinese myth. It represents the direction east, the season of spring, and the element of wood. It dwells in a palace at the bottom of the ocean.,AAAAAA==
711292,Byakko,One of the Ssu-Ling, celestial creatures of Chinese myth. It represents the direction west, the season of autumn, and the element of metal. He is believed to be the king of all beasts.,AAAAAA==
711293,Suzaku,One of the Ssu-Ling, celestial creatures of Chinese myth. It is a giant bird that is said to chirp in five beautiful voices. It represents the direction south, the season of summer, and the element of fire.,AAAAAA==
711294,Genbu,One of the Ssu-Ling, celestial creatures of Chinese myth. It represents the direction north, the season of winter, and the element of water. Known to be a great warrior, it supports the Earth from below.,AAAAAA==
711301,Raphael,One of the four major archangels, his name means healer." He recites the history of the fallen angels and the creation of Adam and Eve.	AAAAAA==
711302	Uriel	One of the fourmajor archangels. His name means "Flame of God	 and he knows all the celestial phenomena. He is the first angel Satan met on earth.,AAAAAA==
711303,Michael,One of the four major archangels, he is at the top of the angelic hierarchy. He carries a long spear that can cut through anything, and his name means one who is like God."	AAAAAA==
711304	Gabriel	One of the four major archangels. She is also the only female angel at this rank. Her name comes from the Sumerian word for "governor." She is the angel who told Mary of her pregnancy.	AAAAAA==
711311	Pazuzu	The Babylonian lord of wind and scorching sands. He has the body of a man	 a lion's head	 the claws and wings of an eagle	 and has a deadly poison. The diseases he spreads can only be cured with magic.	AAAAAA==
711312	Rangda	A wicked witch of Balinese lore	 she represents evil and is Barong's eternal rival. Even if defeated	 she will come back to life	 and their battle will have no end.	AAAAAA==
711313	Rangda	A wicked witch of Balinese lore	 she represents evil and is Barong's eternal rival. Even if defeated	 she will come back to life	 and their battle will have no end.	AAAAAA==
711321	Yamata-no-Orochi	A giant snake with eight heads that Susano-o defeated to save Kushinada-Hime. The legendary sword Ame-no-Murakumo-no-Tsurugi	 also known as the "Sword of Kusanagi	 emerged from its belly.,AAAAAA==
711322,Quetzalcoatl,An Aztec deity known as the Feathered Serpent. He created humans with his own blood and taught them how to sustain themselves.,AAAAAA==
711323,Yurlungur,A snake with a rainbow body from Yolngu lore. He is a fertility deity who controls the weather and resides in a holy pond filled with rainbow-colored water.,AAAAAA==
711324,Yurlungur,A snake with a rainbow body from Yolngu lore. He is a fertility deity who controls the weather and resides in a holy pond filled with rainbow-colored water.,AAAAAA==
711331,Ganesha,The Hindu elephant-headed god. He was originally created by Parvati in order to prevent anyone from watching her bathe. Shiva batted off his original head and replaced it with an elephant's head.,AAAAAA==
711332,Girimehkala,A giant elephant monster of Sri Lankan myth, it is typically portrayed as being ridden by the Evil One, Mara. Whoever looks into its evil eye is said to be met with misfortune.,AAAAAA==
711333,Girimehkala,A giant elephant monster of Sri Lankan myth, it is typically portrayed as being ridden by the Evil One, Mara. Whoever looks into its evil eye is said to be met with misfortune.,AAAAAA==
711341,King Frost,The king of snow who rules over an infinite number of Jack Frosts. He has the power to freeze the entire world, but is unaware of it due to his naïve personality.,AAAAAA==
711342,Black Frost,A Jack Frost that yearned for evil. This powerful demon is born when a cute Jack Frost remembers its demonic nature.,AAAAAA==
711343,Black Frost,A Jack Frost that yearned for evil. This powerful demon is born when a cute Jack Frost remembers its demonic nature.,AAAAAA==
711351,Regent,A bluish-tinged diamond that Napoleon Bonaparte had mounted to the pommel of his sword. It was named after the French Regent Philippe II, Duke of Orleans, who had purchased it in 1717.,AAAAAA==
711352,Queen's Necklace,The diamond necklace that Jeanne de la Motte swindled from jewelers in 1785 by claiming it was on behalf of the Queen of France, Marie Antoinette.,AAAAAA==
711353,Koh-i-Noor,Once called the world's largest diamond, it was cut when it came to the British royal family. It is said to bring bad luck to any man who wears it, so only the females have ever adorned it.,AAAAAA==
711354,Orlov,A diamond stolen from a Hindu temple that is said to drive its owner to their death. It was cut into smaller pieces in an attempt to break the curse.,AAAAAA==
711361,Alice,A mysterious blond girl. She is quite powerful, despite her looks. Some say she is the ghost of a girl who died a sad death. Others say she is a spirit born from someone's imagination.,AAAAAA==
711371,Futsunushi,The Nihonshoki sword deity who pacified Ashihara-no-Nakatsukuni. His name comes from futsu	 the fashion in which things are cut, and nushi	 his nature as a god.,AAAAAA==
711372,Yoshitsune,A Japanese general of the Genpei War near the end of the Heian era and start of the Kamakura era. His bold ingenuity and ruthless skill with a blade are still praised in Japan today.,AAAAAA==
711381,Beelzebub,Demonic Lord of the Flies whose insect minions carry souls for him to control. He is mentioned in the Bible as a leader of evil spirits and is seen as a powerful demon.,AAAAAA==
711382,Abaddon,The Destroyer" and "Angel of the Bottomless Pit" as described in ancient scriptures. He controls locusts	 using them to cause massive destruction to villages.	AAAAAA==
711391	Anubis	The jackal-headed god of the dead and embalming from Egyptian myth. He weighs the hearts of the dead to determine their final destination.	AAAAAA==
711392	Seth	The Egyptian god of the desert	 chaos	 and evil. He murdered his brother	 Osiris	 and tried to become chief god	 but he was castrated by Osiris's son	 Horus.	AAAAAA==
711393	Thoth	Egyptian moon god that takes the form of a baboon	 he is the one who measures time. He gave Isis the power to resurrect Osiris after he was killed by the evil god Seth.	AAAAAA==
711394	Horus	An ancient god of Egypt whose eyes are the sun and moon. Revered by some as the chief god	 he is often depicted as a hawk or a falcon.	AAAAAA==
711401	Zaou-Gongen	Repeller of evil found at Kinpusen by En-no-Ozunu. Believed to be a fusion of Buddha	 Guanyin	 and Maitreya	 he's a god who originated from Japan rather than the Buddhavacana.	AAAAAA==
711402	Sraosha	In Zoroastrian lore	 Sraosha's duty is to listen to the cry of humans for Ahura Mazda. He is also known to descend after sunset to vanquish evil. His name literally means "observance."	AAAAAA==
712061	Slime	A primitive monster with a viscous body. There are various theories as to its origin	 but it is still under debate. Said to compulsively collect shiny objects.	AAAAAA==
712062	Slime	A primitive monster with a viscous body. There are various theories as to its origin	 but it is still under debate. Said to compulsively collect shiny objects.	AAAAAA==
712063	Black Ooze	A mass of malevolent intent and emotion that failed to become a true demon. All it does is eat	 prey	 and grow.	AAAAAA==
712064	Black Ooze	A mass of malevolent intent and emotion that failed to become a true demon. All it does is eat	 prey	 and grow.	AAAAAA==
712071	Rakshasa	A Hindu demon. He is an enemy of the gods and attacks humans to feed off of them. His hideous appearance strikes fear into those who see him. Rakshasa shape-shifts to deceive his enemies.	AAAAAA==
712072	Rakshasa	A Hindu demon. He is an enemy of the gods and attacks humans to feed off of them. His hideous appearance strikes fear into those who see him. Rakshasa shape-shifts to deceive his enemies.	AAAAAA==
712081	Nue	A creature of Japanese lore with a monkey's head	 tiger's legs	 and snake's tail. The Tale of Heike says it hid behind a dark cloud each night to attack the Emperor.	AAAAAA==
712082	Jack Frost	A winter fairy of European descent. He leaves ice patterns on windows and nips people's noses. Though normally an innocent creature	 he will freeze his victims to death if provoked.	AAAAAA==
712083	Jack Frost	A winter fairy of European descent. He leaves ice patterns on windows and nips people's noses. Though normally an innocent creature	 he will freeze his victims to death if provoked.	AAAAAA==
712091	Sui-Ki	One of the four oni controlled by Fujiwara no Chikata	 it can cause floods with the swing of its arms. In the Taiheiki	 Ki no Tomoo expelled the oni by reading a Japanese poem.	AAAAAA==
712092	Fuu-Ki	One of the four oni controlled by Fujiwara no Chikata	 it sends hurricanes to blow away its enemies. Some say that Fuu-ki is the original ninja.	AAAAAA==
712101	Anzu	An evil deity of Mesopotamian folklore with an eagle's body and lion's head. While the god Enlil purified himself	 Anzu stole the Tablets of Destiny from him.	AAAAAA==
712102	Anzu	An evil deity of Mesopotamian folklore with an eagle's body and lion's head. While the god Enlil purified himself	 Anzu stole the Tablets of Destiny from him.	AAAAAA==
712103	Mothman	A cryptid sighted during the 60s-80s in West Virginia. It has shining red eyes and is named for the fin-like appendages on its sides. It uses its keen sense for blood to track down the source and feed on it.	AAAAAA==
712104	Mothman	A cryptid sighted during the 60s-80s in West Virginia. It has shining red eyes and is named for the fin-like appendages on its sides. It uses its keen sense for blood to track down the source and feed on it.	AAAAAA==
712105	Mothman	A cryptid sighted during the 60s-80s in West Virginia. It has shining red eyes and is named for the fin-like appendages on its sides. It uses its keen sense for blood to track down the source and feed on it.	AAAAAA==
712111	Mitra	An ancient Persian god of contracts. He was also revered as a harvest-bringing sun god when he was introduced to the Zoroastrian religion.	AAAAAA==
712112	Mitra	An ancient Persian god of contracts. He was also revered as a harvest-bringing sun god when he was introduced to the Zoroastrian religion.	AAAAAA==
712113	Kaiwan	A god in Assyrian legend	 his name is interchangeable with Sakkut	 another incarnation of the star-god	 Saturn.	AAAAAA==
712114	Kaiwan	A god in Assyrian legend	 his name is interchangeable with Sakkut	 another incarnation of the star-god	 Saturn.	AAAAAA==
712121	Principality	The seventh of the nine orders of angels. They guard cities and nations	 and protect various religious figures.	AAAAAA==
712122	Archangel	Eighth of the nine orders of angels. Their duty is to minister to humans and deliver messages. They are warriors of Heaven and lead Heaven's forces during battle with the armies of evil.	AAAAAA==
712131	Cerberus	The guardian hound who prevents anyone from entering or exiting the underworld in Greek lore. It was born from Typhon and Echidna	 and is the older brother of Orthrus.	AAAAAA==
712132	Orthrus	The two-headed pet dog belonging to the giant Geryon of Greek myth. He guarded a herd of red oxen but was killed by Hercules during one of his twelve labors.	AAAAAA==
712141	Take-Minakata	A Japanese god of war	 hunting and fertility. He fought Take-Mikazuchi for control of Japan and lost. He escaped to Suwa	 but has been prohibited to leave since then.	AAAAAA==
712142	Ame-no-Uzume	Japanese goddess of entertainment	 she governs many sacred dances. She is most famous for luring out Amaterasu	 who had barricaded herself inside a cave.	AAAAAA==
712143	Isis	Osiris's wife as well as his younger sister. Upon the death of her husband	 she revived him with her incredible magic power. Isis is seen at many gravesites as the guardian goddess of the dead.	AAAAAA==
712151	Unicorn	A legendary white horse with a single spiral horn. It can only be tamed by a pure maiden	 and its horn supposedly has miraculous healing capabilities.	AAAAAA==
712152	Unicorn	A legendary white horse with a single spiral horn. It can only be tamed by a pure maiden	 and its horn supposedly has miraculous healing capabilities.	AAAAAA==
712161	Arahabaki	A mysterious god of ancient Japan. Most famously worshipped by Nagasunehiko	 who was defeated in battle against Emperor Jinmu	 Arahabaki came to be treated as a symbol of rebellion and defiance.	AAAAAA==
712171	Moloch	A Canaanite god of fire. A bronze statue of a man with a bull's head stands at his altar. The statue was heated and sacrificial children were thrown inside.	AAAAAA==
712181	Barong	A mystical creature in Balinese lore	 it represents good and is Rangda's eternal rival. Even if defeated	 it will be reborn. The result is a never-ending struggle.	AAAAAA==
712182	Barong	A mystical creature in Balinese lore	 it represents good and is Rangda's eternal rival. Even if defeated	 it will be reborn. The result is a never-ending struggle.	AAAAAA==
712183	Shiisaa	A holy beast said to protect houses from evil and bring good fortune. They look similar to Shinto guardian dogs	 but are actually modeled after a lion. There are many stories about it in Ryukyu lore.	AAAAAA==
712184	Shiisaa	A holy beast said to protect houses from evil and bring good fortune. They look similar to Shinto guardian dogs	 but are actually modeled after a lion. There are many stories about it in Ryukyu lore.	AAAAAA==
712185	Shiisaa	A holy beast said to protect houses from evil and bring good fortune. They look similar to Shinto guardian dogs	 but are actually modeled after a lion. There are many stories about it in Ryukyu lore.	AAAAAA==
712191	Yamata-no-Orochi	A giant snake with eight heads that Susano-o defeated to save Kushinada-Hime. The legendary sword Ame-no-Murakumo-no-Tsurugi	 also known as the "Sword of Kusanagi	 emerged from its belly.,AAAAAA==
712201,Lilith,Said to have been Adam's first wife, she desired to be his equal and refused to obey him. She was cast out of Eden and became a demon of the night. She is the mother of the demoness, Lilim.,AAAAAA==
712202,Lilith,Said to have been Adam's first wife, she desired to be his equal and refused to obey him. She was cast out of Eden and became a demon of the night. She is the mother of the demoness, Lilim.,AAAAAA==
712211,Daisoujou,A monk who died while fasting, his spiritual power allows his body to continue to exist without rotting. It is said that he will appear before people on the day of salvation.,AAAAAA==
712221,Oberon,The king of the fairies and Titania's husband. He is quite old but, due to a curse, his looks are that of a young boy. He often flirts with human women, which sometimes earns him a scolding from his wife.,AAAAAA==
712222,Titania,The queen of the fairies and Oberon's wife. She is derived from the Roman goddess Diana. She was later immortalized in Shakespeare's play A Midsummer Night's Dream."	AAAAAA==
712231	Raja Naga	The king of the Naga	 a half-man	 half-snake tribe in Hindu lore. The dragon kings Nanda and Takshaka of Buddhist myth fall into this royal category.	AAAAAA==
712232	Quetzalcoatl	An Aztec deity known as the Feathered Serpent. He created humans with his own blood and taught them how to sustain themselves.	AAAAAA==
712233	Yurlungur	A snake with a rainbow body from Yolngu lore. He is a fertility deity who controls the weather and resides in a holy pond filled with rainbow-colored water.	AAAAAA==
712234	Yurlungur	A snake with a rainbow body from Yolngu lore. He is a fertility deity who controls the weather and resides in a holy pond filled with rainbow-colored water.	AAAAAA==
712241	Power	The sixth of the nine orders of angels. It is said that they were the first order to be created. Their duty is to protect human souls from demons.	AAAAAA==
712242	Principality	The seventh of the nine orders of angels. They guard cities and nations	 and protect various religious figures.	AAAAAA==
712243	Archangel	Eighth of the nine orders of angels. Their duty is to minister to humans and deliver messages. They are warriors of Heaven and lead Heaven's forces during battle with the armies of evil.	AAAAAA==
712244	Angel	Ninth of the nineorders of angels.They are closest in nature to humans.They watch over individuals and warn those who stray from the path.	AAAAAA==
712251	Okuninushi	A Kunitsu deity in Japanese mythology that governs agriculture and medicine. He's said to have built the country of Izumo with Susano-o's daughter	 Suseri-Hime.	AAAAAA==
712252	Take-Minakata	A Japanese god of war	 hunting and fertility. He fought Take-Mikazuchi for control of Japan and lost. He escaped to Suwa	 but has been prohibited to leave since then.	AAAAAA==
712261	Surt	A fire giant in Norse lore. He rules the fire realm	 Muspelheim	 and brandishes a burning sword. At Ragnarok	 he will set the world ablaze.	AAAAAA==
712262	Baphomet	A goat-headed demon that is worshipped in Black Sabbaths. His name can be used as a catch-all term for demons in general. He would become an object of worship for witches.	AAAAAA==
712271	Zaou-Gongen	Repeller of evil found at Kinpusen by En-no-Ozunu. Believed to be a fusion of Buddha	 Guanyin	 and Maitreya	 he's a god who originated from Japan rather than the Buddhavacana.	AAAAAA==
712281	Jikokuten	Also known as Dhritarashtra	 he is the protector of the East	 and is one of the four Heavenly Kings of Buddhist origin. He helps maintain the security of the nation.	AAAAAA==
712282	Zouchouten	Also known as Virudhaka	 he is the protector of the South	 and is one of the four Heavenly Kings of Buddhist origin. He is the god of the five grains	 and was once the chief of the gods.	AAAAAA==
712283	Koumokuten	Also known as Virupaksha	 he is the protector of the West	 and is one of the four Heavenly Kings of Buddhist origin. He keeps a close watch on the world with his sharp gaze.	AAAAAA==
712284	Bishamonten	Also known as Tamonten and Vaishravana in Buddhist lore	 he is the strongest of the Heavenly Kings. He protects the North and is the god of war.	AAAAAA==
712291	Beelzebub	Demonic Lord of the Flies whose insect minions carry souls for him to control. He is mentioned in the Bible as a leader of evil spirits and is seen as a powerful demon.	AAAAAA==
712301	Yoshitsune	A Japanese general of the Genpei War near the end of the Heian era and start of the Kamakura era. His bold ingenuity and ruthless skill with a blade are still praised in Japan today.	AAAAAA==
712311	Yatagarasu	A divine creature in Japanese lore. They are three-legged birds sent by Amaterasu to help humans. They are said to have helped Emperor Jinmu claim victory.	AAAAAA==
712312	Yatagarasu	A divine creature in Japanese lore. They are three-legged birds sent by Amaterasu to help humans. They are said to have helped Emperor Jinmu claim victory.	AAAAAA==
712321	Melchizedek	An angel of Gnosticism	 governing over peace and righteousness. Though said to be the savior of the angels	 he used to be a human	 the king of Salem.	AAAAAA==
712322	Melchizedek	An angel of Gnosticism	 governing over peace and righteousness. Though said to be the savior of the angels	 he used to be a human	 the king of Salem.	AAAAAA==
712331	Byakko	One of the Ssu-Ling	 celestial creatures of Chinese myth. It represents the direction west	 the season of autumn	 and the element of metal. He is believed to be the king of all beasts.	AAAAAA==
712332	Cerberus	The guardian hound who prevents anyone from entering or exiting the underworld in Greek lore. It was born from Typhon and Echidna	 and is the older brother of Orthrus.	AAAAAA==
712333	Orthrus	The two-headed pet dog belonging to the giant Geryon of Greek myth. He guarded a herd of red oxen but was killed by Hercules during one of his twelve labors.	AAAAAA==
712341	Cu Chulainn	A hero in Celtic folklore. He was called Setanta until he earned the name	 "Culann's Hound." There are many tales of his adventures. He received his spear	 Gae Bolg	 from his mentor	 Scathach.	AAAAAA==
712342	Scathach	A warrior woman of the Land of Shadows in Celtic lore. She taught the hero	 Cu Chulainn	 the art of war and gave him the spear	 Gae Bolg.	AAAAAA==
712351	Stone of Scone	Also known as the Stone of Destiny	it is a stone used in the coronations of Scotland's monarchs. Legends say the stone is linked to angels.	AAAAAA==
712352	Emperor's Amulet	Also known as Charlemagne's talisman	 it is said to make its owner an emperor. In between the two gems is a piece of Jesus' cross and a hair of the Virgin Mary.	AAAAAA==
712353	Hope Diamond	Unlike its name suggests	 the Hope Diamond is a cursed jewel that brings ruin from one owner to the next. A few supposed victims include King Louis XVI and his wife	 Marie Antoinette.	AAAAAA==
712354	Crystal Skull	An ancient Out-Of-Place-Artifact found in Central and South America. It is said that if you collect 13 of them in one spot	 the truth of the universe will be revealed.	AAAAAA==
712361	Kohryu	Known as the Gold Dragon	 it reigns over the Ssu-Ling	 celestial creatures of Chinese lore. It is located at the center of the four beasts.	AAAAAA==
712371	Dionysus	The Greek god of wine and theater. He was originally a god of life protecting the mountains of Thrace. He taught humans how to make wine.	AAAAAA==
712372	Norn	Goddesses of fate in Norse lore. They live below the roots of Yggdrasil and weave the threads of fate	 which even the gods are bound by.	AAAAAA==
712373	Norn	Goddesses of fate in Norse lore. They live below the roots of Yggdrasil and weave the threads of fate	 which even the gods are bound by.	AAAAAA==
712381	Asura	The Hindu king of Asuras is named Maha Vairocana	 or "One Who Shines On All." In Buddhism	 he is known as Dainichi Nyorai.	AAAAAA==
712382	Lakshmi	The Hindu goddess of beauty and good fortune	 Vishnu's wife	 and Kama's mother. She is the goddess of love	 believed to have been born from an ocean of milk.	AAAAAA==
712391	Garuda	A divine bird-man in Hindu lore	 he once fought the gods and received immortality in exchange for becoming Vishnu's carrier.	AAAAAA==
712392	Jatayu	The Hindu king of birds. In the Ramayana	 he fought bravely against Ravana in an attempt to save Sita	 Rama's wife and the seventh avatar of Vishnu	 but lost.	AAAAAA==
712393	Phoenix	The legendary bird of Chinese myth	 said to appear only in times of peace. It is the ruler of all birds. When it dies	 birds across the land chirp with sadness.	AAAAAA==
712394	Suzaku	One of the Ssu-Ling	 celestial creatures of Chinese myth. It is a giant bird that is said to chirp in five beautiful voices. It represents the direction south	 the season of summer	 and the element of fire.	AAAAAA==
712395	Horus	An ancient god of Egypt whose eyes are the sun and moon. Revered by some as the chief god	 he is often depicted as a hawk or a falcon.	AAAAAA==
712396	Yatagarasu	A divine creature in Japanese lore. They are three-legged birds sent by Amaterasu to help humans. They are said to have helped Emperor Jinmu claim victory.	AAAAAA==
712401	Vishnu	One of the major Hindu gods	 he is the preserver and protector of the universe. Legends claim that he will make ten appearances across time and space to strike down evil and uphold justice.	AAAAAA==
712402	Shiva	One of the major Hindu gods	 he is known as the Destroyer	 but is also related to regeneration. His wife is Parvati.	AAAAAA==
713011	Jack-o'-Lantern	A drunkard who tricked the Devil out of taking him to Hell. When refused entry to Heaven	 he was forced to wander the earth with only an ember as a light.	AAAAAA==
713012	Jack-o'-Lantern	A drunkard who tricked the Devil out of taking him to Hell. When refused entry to Heaven	 he was forced to wander the earth with only an ember as a light.	AAAAAA==
713013	Hua Po	A spirit of Chinese folklore who dwells in trees once used for hangings. She is smaller than a human and cannot speak	 but her voice is said to be as clear and as beautiful as a bird's song.	AAAAAA==
713014	Hua Po	A spirit of Chinese folklore who dwells in trees once used for hangings. She is smaller than a human and cannot speak	 but her voice is said to be as clear and as beautiful as a bird's song.	AAAAAA==
713021	Decarabia	One of the 72 demons of the Goetia	 this demon appears as a pentacle. Keeper of jewels and herbal lore	 Decarabia is said to have the ability to shape-shift at will.	AAAAAA==
713022	Decarabia	One of the 72 demons of the Goetia	 this demon appears as a pentacle. Keeper of jewels and herbal lore	 Decarabia is said to have the ability to shape-shift at will.	AAAAAA==
713023	Decarabia	One of the 72 demons of the Goetia	 this demon appears as a pentacle. Keeper of jewels and herbal lore	 Decarabia is said to have the ability to shape-shift at will.	AAAAAA==
713031	Incubus	A male demon of European lore in medieval times. They visit sleeping women and have sexual intercourse with them. The resulting children become witches or wizards.	AAAAAA==
713032	Incubus	A male demon of European lore in medieval times. They visit sleeping women and have sexual intercourse with them. The resulting children become witches or wizards.	AAAAAA==
713033	Succubus	A female demon of European lore in medieval times. They visit sleeping men and have sexual intercourse with them. The victims don't wake up but may dream of the encounter.	AAAAAA==
713034	Succubus	A female demon of European lore in medieval times. They visit sleeping men and have sexual intercourse with them. The victims don't wake up but may dream of the encounter.	AAAAAA==
713041	Onmoraki	A monstrous	 fire spitting	 Japanese bird with a man's face. It is actually a corpse that was not given a proper memorial service. They appear before monks who neglect their duties.	AAAAAA==
713042	Onmoraki	A monstrous	 fire spitting	 Japanese bird with a man's face. It is actually a corpse that was not given a proper memorial service. They appear before monks who neglect their duties.	AAAAAA==
713051	High Pixie	The leader of a swarm of pixies. Any pixie in a leadership role or with remarkable power is called by this name.	AAAAAA==
713052	High Pixie	The leader of a swarm of pixies. Any pixie in a leadership role or with remarkable power is called by this name.	AAAAAA==
713053	Pixie	Friendly fairies of the forest that tend to hide from humans. They like to play tricks on lazy people. It is said they are the souls of dead	 unbaptized children.	AAAAAA==
713054	Pixie	Friendly fairies of the forest that tend to hide from humans. They like to play tricks on lazy people. It is said they are the souls of dead	 unbaptized children.	AAAAAA==
713061	Andras	One of the 72 demons of the Goetia. The great Marquis of Hell	 he appears where there is battle to stoke the hatred within soldiers. He helps defeat the enemies of those who summon him.	AAAAAA==
713071	Anzu	An evil deity of Mesopotamian folklore with an eagle's body and lion's head. While the god Enlil purified himself	 Anzu stole the Tablets of Destiny from him.	AAAAAA==
713072	Anzu	An evil deity of Mesopotamian folklore with an eagle's body and lion's head. While the god Enlil purified himself	 Anzu stole the Tablets of Destiny from him.	AAAAAA==
713073	Anzu	An evil deity of Mesopotamian folklore with an eagle's body and lion's head. While the god Enlil purified himself	 Anzu stole the Tablets of Destiny from him.	AAAAAA==
713081	Matador	A master sportsman who entertains the audience in exchange for his own life: one mistake can mean death. Some believe that matadors who die while performing remain in this world.	AAAAAA==
713082	Orobas	One of the 72 demons of the Goetia. Known as the Prince of Hell	 he appears as a horse and answers questions of the past	 present	 and future. He is faithful to his conjurer.	AAAAAA==
713091	Decarabia	One of the 72 demons of the Goetia	 this demon appears as a pentacle. Keeper of jewels and herbal lore	 Decarabia is said to have the ability to shape-shift at will.	AAAAAA==
713092	Decarabia	One of the 72 demons of the Goetia	 this demon appears as a pentacle. Keeper of jewels and herbal lore	 Decarabia is said to have the ability to shape-shift at will.	AAAAAA==
713093	Mothman	A cryptid sighted during the 60s-80s in West Virginia. It has shining red eyes and is named for the fin-like appendages on its sides. It uses its keen sense for blood to track down the source and feed on it.	AAAAAA==
713094	Mothman	A cryptid sighted during the 60s-80s in West Virginia. It has shining red eyes and is named for the fin-like appendages on its sides. It uses its keen sense for blood to track down the source and feed on it.	AAAAAA==
713095	Mothman	A cryptid sighted during the 60s-80s in West Virginia. It has shining red eyes and is named for the fin-like appendages on its sides. It uses its keen sense for blood to track down the source and feed on it.	AAAAAA==
713101	Anubis	The jackal-headed god of the dead and embalming from Egyptian myth. He weighs the hearts of the dead to determine their final destination.	AAAAAA==
713111	Sandman	A fairy in German folklore who carries a bag of magical sand	 which puts humans to sleep when thrown into their eyes. If the victim resists	 the Sandman will sit on their eyelids.	AAAAAA==
713112	Sandman	A fairy in German folklore who carries a bag of magical sand	 which puts humans to sleep when thrown into their eyes. If the victim resists	 the Sandman will sit on their eyelids.	AAAAAA==
713121	Dakini	Hindu deities of passion and relations. They are Kali's attendants. They eat human flesh and gather at graveyards and crematories each night. Their name means "sky dancer."	AAAAAA==
713122	Lilim	A demon who tempts sleeping men and attacks infants. She is the daughter of the demoness	 Lilith. Like her mother	 she drains men of their essence.	AAAAAA==
713123	Lilim	A demon who tempts sleeping men and attacks infants. She is the daughter of the demoness	 Lilith. Like her mother	 she drains men of their essence.	AAAAAA==
713131	Norn	Goddesses of fate in Norse lore. They live below the roots of Yggdrasil and weave the threads of fate	 which even the gods are bound by.	AAAAAA==
713132	Norn	Goddesses of fate in Norse lore. They live below the roots of Yggdrasil and weave the threads of fate	 which even the gods are bound by.	AAAAAA==
713133	Norn	Goddesses of fate in Norse lore. They live below the roots of Yggdrasil and weave the threads of fate	 which even the gods are bound by.	AAAAAA==
713141	Jatayu	The Hindu king of birds. In the Ramayana	 he fought bravely against Ravana in an attempt to save Sita	 Rama's wife and the seventh avatar of Vishnu	 but lost.	AAAAAA==
713142	Garuda	A divine bird-man in Hindu lore	 he once fought the gods and received immortality in exchange for becoming Vishnu's carrier.	AAAAAA==
713151	Raja Naga	The king of the Naga	 a half-man	 half-snake tribe in Hindu lore. The dragon kings Nanda and Takshaka of Buddhist myth fall into this royal category.	AAAAAA==
713161	Bugs	A Welsh creature commonly known as "Bugbear" or the "Boogeyman." Its existence is often used by mothers to scare children into behaving.	AAAAAA==
713162	Bugs	A Welsh creature commonly known as "Bugbear" or the "Boogeyman." Its existence is often used by mothers to scare children into behaving.	AAAAAA==
713163	Bugs	A Welsh creature commonly known as "Bugbear" or the "Boogeyman." Its existence is often used by mothers to scare children into behaving.	AAAAAA==
713171	Yamata-no-Orochi	A giant snake with eight heads that Susano-o defeated to save Kushinada-Hime. The legendary sword Ame-no-Murakumo-no-Tsurugi	 also known as the "Sword of Kusanagi	 emerged from its belly.,AAAAAA==
713181,Black Frost,A Jack Frost that yearned for evil. This powerful demon is born when a cute Jack Frost remembers its demonic nature.,AAAAAA==
713182,Black Frost,A Jack Frost that yearned for evil. This powerful demon is born when a cute Jack Frost remembers its demonic nature.,AAAAAA==
713191,Dominion,The fourth of the nine orders of angels. Their duty is to oversee the other angels. Their actions are the manifestation of God's will.,AAAAAA==
713192,Power,The sixth of the nine orders of angels. It is said that they were the first order to be created. Their duty is to protect human souls from demons.,AAAAAA==
713201,Thor,The Norse thunder god and son of Odin, Thor owns the power-enhancing belt Megingjard and wields Mjolnir, a hammer that causes lightning to strike and returns to its owner if thrown.,AAAAAA==
713211,Kali,A goddess of death and destruction. She is said to be another face of Parvati. She is violent, wears a string of skulls,and carries bloody weapons, but she also blesses her followers.,AAAAAA==
713212,Yaksini,A female demon in Hindu lore. Though originally a Dravidian fertility goddess, the spread of Hinduism changed perception of her to a demonic figure. Usually depicted as a nude, voluptuous female.,AAAAAA==
713213,Yaksini,A female demon in Hindu lore. Though originally a Dravidian fertility goddess, the spread of Hinduism changed perception of her to a demonic figure. Usually depicted as a nude, voluptuous female.,AAAAAA==
713221,Mara,A Buddhist demon that represents the fear of death. Also known as The Evil One	 he sent his daughters to tempt Buddha during his meditations.,AAAAAA==
713231,Cu Chulainn,A hero in Celtic folklore. He was called Setanta until he earned the name, Culann's Hound." There are many tales of his adventures. He received his spear	 Gae Bolg	 from his mentor	 Scathach.	AAAAAA==
713232	Scathach	A warrior woman of the Land of Shadows in Celtic lore. She taught the hero	 Cu Chulainn	 the art of war and gave him the spear	 Gae Bolg.	AAAAAA==
713241	Trumpeter	Angels that sound the trumpets at the time of the apocalypse. As each trumpet sounds	 the more plagues and disasters will occur	 turning the earth into a land of death and suffering.	AAAAAA==
713251	Raphael	One of the four major archangels	 his name means "healer." He recites the history of the fallen angels and the creation of Adam and Eve.	AAAAAA==
713252	Uriel	One of the fourmajor archangels. His name means "Flame of God	 and he knows all the celestial phenomena. He is the first angel Satan met on earth.,AAAAAA==
714011,Jack Frost,A winter fairy of European descent. He leaves ice patterns on windows and nips people's noses. Though normally an innocent creature, he will freeze his victims to death if provoked.,AAAAAA==
714012,Jack Frost,A winter fairy of European descent. He leaves ice patterns on windows and nips people's noses. Though normally an innocent creature, he will freeze his victims to death if provoked.,AAAAAA==
714013,Jack Frost,A winter fairy of European descent. He leaves ice patterns on windows and nips people's noses. Though normally an innocent creature, he will freeze his victims to death if provoked.,AAAAAA==
714014,Jack Frost,A winter fairy of European descent. He leaves ice patterns on windows and nips people's noses. Though normally an innocent creature, he will freeze his victims to death if provoked.,AAAAAA==
714021,Silky,A fairy of England and Scotland. She carries out household chores while everyone sleeps and is a welcome spirit. It is said you can hear her silk skirt rustle as she works.,AAAAAA==
714022,Silky,A fairy of England and Scotland. She carries out household chores while everyone sleeps and is a welcome spirit. It is said you can hear her silk skirt rustle as she works.,AAAAAA==
714023,Mandrake,A magical plant whose roots look like a human. They are valued for their healing properties in potions, but the screams they let out when pulled from the ground will kill anyone who hears them.,AAAAAA==
714024,Mandrake,A magical plant whose roots look like a human. They are valued for their healing properties in potions, but the screams they let out when pulled from the ground will kill anyone who hears them.,AAAAAA==
714031,Koropokguru,Small human-like creatures that have kind, calm personalities. Once coexisting with the Ainu people of Japan, there was a falling out at some point, and they disappeared.,AAAAAA==
714032,Koropokguru,Small human-like creatures that have kind, calm personalities. Once coexisting with the Ainu people of Japan, there was a falling out at some point, and they disappeared.,AAAAAA==
714033,Kodama,Japanese plant spirits born from trees that have lived for a hundred years. Cutting down one of these trees is said to cause misfortune.,AAAAAA==
714034,Kodama,Japanese plant spirits born from trees that have lived for a hundred years. Cutting down one of these trees is said to cause misfortune.,AAAAAA==
714035,Kodama,Japanese plant spirits born from trees that have lived for a hundred years. Cutting down one of these trees is said to cause misfortune.,AAAAAA==
714041,Kushi Mitama,One of the four aspects of Shinto thought, it uses its power to bring blessings related to healing illnesses and staying healthy. It is said to have supernatural powers and cause mysterious events.,AAAAAA==
714042,Kushi Mitama,One of the four aspects of Shinto thought, it uses its power to bring blessings related to healing illnesses and staying healthy. It is said to have supernatural powers and cause mysterious events.,AAAAAA==
714043,Kushi Mitama,One of the four aspects of Shinto thought, it uses its power to bring blessings related to healing illnesses and staying healthy. It is said to have supernatural powers and cause mysterious events.,AAAAAA==
714051,Nue,A creature of Japanese lore with a monkey's head, tiger's legs, and snake's tail. The Tale of Heike says it hid behind a dark cloud each night to attack the Emperor.,AAAAAA==
714052,Shiisaa,A holy beast said to protect houses from evil and bring good fortune. They look similar to Shinto guardian dogs, but are actually modeled after a lion. There are many stories about it in Ryukyu lore.,AAAAAA==
714053,Shiisaa,A holy beast said to protect houses from evil and bring good fortune. They look similar to Shinto guardian dogs, but are actually modeled after a lion. There are many stories about it in Ryukyu lore.,AAAAAA==
714061,Andras,One of the 72 demons of the Goetia. The great Marquis of Hell, he appears where there is battle to stoke the hatred within soldiers. He helps defeat the enemies of those who summon him.,AAAAAA==
714062,Andras,One of the 72 demons of the Goetia. The great Marquis of Hell, he appears where there is battle to stoke the hatred within soldiers. He helps defeat the enemies of those who summon him.,AAAAAA==
714071,Ame-no-Uzume,Japanese goddess of entertainment, she governs many sacred dances. She is most famous for luring out Amaterasu, who had barricaded herself inside a cave.,AAAAAA==
714072,Isis,Osiris's wife as well as his younger sister. Upon the death of her husband, she revived him with her incredible magic power. Isis is seen at many gravesites as the guardian goddess of the dead.,AAAAAA==
714081,Oni,An evil monster from Japanese lore known for its hideous visage and brute strength. They loot and plunder villages, massacring the townspeople with their iron clubs. They have horns on their heads, red skin, long claws, and razor-sharp teeth.,AAAAAA==
714082,Sui-Ki,One of the four oni controlled by Fujiwara no Chikata, it can cause floods with the swing of its arms. In the Taiheiki, Ki no Tomoo expelled the oni by reading a Japanese poem.,AAAAAA==
714083,Kin-Ki,One of the four oni controlled by Fujiwara no Chikata, its body is so hard that no weapons can penetrate it. It and its comrades fell into hell through holes that can still be found in modern Iga.,AAAAAA==
714091,Setanta,A brave young man in Celtic myth. After defeating a fierce guard dog, he volunteered to take its place, earning him the nickname Hound of Culann."	AAAAAA==
714092	Leanan Sidhe	A beautiful fairy of Irish lore that yearns for the love of a human man. She drains the life of her lovers in return for granting them artistic inspiration.	AAAAAA==
714101	Take-Minakata	A Japanese god of war	 hunting and fertility. He fought Take-Mikazuchi for control of Japan and lost. He escaped to Suwa	 but has been prohibited to leave since then.	AAAAAA==
714102	Ame-no-Uzume	Japanese goddess of entertainment	 she governs many sacred dances. She is most famous for luring out Amaterasu	 who had barricaded herself inside a cave.	AAAAAA==
714103	Isis	Osiris's wife as well as his younger sister. Upon the death of her husband	 she revived him with her incredible magic power. Isis is seen at many gravesites as the guardian goddess of the dead.	AAAAAA==
714111	Arahabaki	A mysterious god of ancient Japan. Most famously worshipped by Nagasunehiko	 who was defeated in battle against Emperor Jinmu	 Arahabaki came to be treated as a symbol of rebellion and defiance.	AAAAAA==
714121	Kumbhanda	A Buddhist demon said to drain human life energy. He has dark skin	 stands three meters tall	 and sometimes changes his shape to a gourd. Known to have once served Rudra	 the god of storms.	AAAAAA==
714122	Rakshasa	A Hindu demon. He is an enemy of the gods and attacks humans to feed off of them. His hideous appearance strikes fear into those who see him. Rakshasa shape-shifts to deceive his enemies.	AAAAAA==
714131	Atropos	The eldest of the three Moirae Sisters of Greek mythology. She cuts the threads of life for those whose time has come.	AAAAAA==
714132	Mithras	A sun deity who was worshipped in the Roman Empire from the 1st to the 4th century AD. He was said to be reborn after death	 and a festival was held on the winter solstice for him.	AAAAAA==
714141	Kikuri-Hime	The goddess of life in Shinto myth. She once mediated between Izanagi and Izanami during their confrontation in Yomi	 the land of the dead.	AAAAAA==
714142	Kushinada	A Japanese goddess. She governs fields and fertility. All of her sisters were sacrificed to Yamata-no-Orochi	 but she was saved by Susano-o and became his wife.	AAAAAA==
714143	Ame-no-Uzume	Japanese goddess of entertainment	 she governs many sacred dances. She is most famous for luring out Amaterasu	 who had barricaded herself inside a cave.	AAAAAA==
714151	Belphegor	Demonic governor of the deadly sin of sloth. He also excels at invention and discovery. May be derived from Ba'al Pe'or	 Syrian god of abundant crops.	AAAAAA==
714161	Black Rider	One of the Four Horsemen of the Apocalypse	 he rides a black horse and carries scales. He brings famine and has the right to end lives through suffering.	AAAAAA==
714162	White Rider	One of the Four Horsemen of the Apocalypse	 he rides a white horse with a bow in hand. A crown was granted to him	 and he promises victory.	AAAAAA==
714171	Ganesha	The Hindu elephant-headed god. He was originally created by Parvati in order to prevent anyone from watching her bathe. Shiva batted off his original head and replaced it with an elephant's head.	AAAAAA==
714181	Lilith	Said to have been Adam's first wife	 she desired to be his equal and refused to obey him. She was cast out of Eden and became a demon of the night. She is the mother of the demoness	 Lilim.	AAAAAA==
714182	Lilith	Said to have been Adam's first wife	 she desired to be his equal and refused to obey him. She was cast out of Eden and became a demon of the night. She is the mother of the demoness	 Lilim.	AAAAAA==
714191	King Frost	The king of snow who rules over an infinite number of Jack Frosts. He has the power to freeze the entire world	 but is unaware of it due to his naïve personality.	AAAAAA==
714192	Jack Frost	A winter fairy of European descent. He leaves ice patterns on windows and nips people's noses. Though normally an innocent creature	 he will freeze his victims to death if provoked.	AAAAAA==
714193	Jack Frost	A winter fairy of European descent. He leaves ice patterns on windows and nips people's noses. Though normally an innocent creature	 he will freeze his victims to death if provoked.	AAAAAA==
714194	Jack Frost	A winter fairy of European descent. He leaves ice patterns on windows and nips people's noses. Though normally an innocent creature	 he will freeze his victims to death if provoked.	AAAAAA==
714195	Jack Frost	A winter fairy of European descent. He leaves ice patterns on windows and nips people's noses. Though normally an innocent creature	 he will freeze his victims to death if provoked.	AAAAAA==
714201	Oberon	The king of the fairies and Titania's husband. He is quite old but	 due to a curse	 his looks are that of a young boy. He often flirts with human women	 which sometimes earns him a scolding from his wife.	AAAAAA==
714202	Titania	The queen of the fairies and Oberon's wife. She is derived from the Roman goddess Diana. She was later immortalized in Shakespeare's play "A Midsummer Night's Dream."	AAAAAA==
714211	Byakko	One of the Ssu-Ling	 celestial creatures of Chinese myth. It represents the direction west	 the season of autumn	 and the element of metal. He is believed to be the king of all beasts.	AAAAAA==
714221	Thoth	Egyptian moon god that takes the form of a baboon	 he is the one who measures time. He gave Isis the power to resurrect Osiris after he was killed by the evil god Seth.	AAAAAA==
714222	Horus	An ancient god of Egypt whose eyes are the sun and moon. Revered by some as the chief god	 he is often depicted as a hawk or a falcon.	AAAAAA==
714231	Quetzalcoatl	An Aztec deity known as the Feathered Serpent. He created humans with his own blood and taught them how to sustain themselves.	AAAAAA==
714232	Yurlungur	A snake with a rainbow body from Yolngu lore. He is a fertility deity who controls the weather and resides in a holy pond filled with rainbow-colored water.	AAAAAA==
714233	Yurlungur	A snake with a rainbow body from Yolngu lore. He is a fertility deity who controls the weather and resides in a holy pond filled with rainbow-colored water.	AAAAAA==
714241	Narcissus	A young man of Greek myth. He rejected the nymph Echo	 who faded to a whisper out of despair. Cursed by Nemesis	 he fell in love with his own reflection and wasted away.	AAAAAA==
714242	Narcissus	A young man of Greek myth. He rejected the nymph Echo	 who faded to a whisper out of despair. Cursed by Nemesis	 he fell in love with his own reflection and wasted away.	AAAAAA==
714243	Lilith	Said to have been Adam's first wife	 she desired to be his equal and refused to obey him. She was cast out of Eden and became a demon of the night. She is the mother of the demoness	 Lilim.	AAAAAA==
714244	Lilith	Said to have been Adam's first wife	 she desired to be his equal and refused to obey him. She was cast out of Eden and became a demon of the night. She is the mother of the demoness	 Lilim.	AAAAAA==
714251	Vishnu	One of the major Hindu gods	 he is the preserver and protector of the universe. Legends claim that he will make ten appearances across time and space to strike down evil and uphold justice.	AAAAAA==
714252	Lakshmi	The Hindu goddess of beauty and good fortune	 Vishnu's wife	 and Kama's mother. She is the goddess of love	 believed to have been born from an ocean of milk.	AAAAAA==
715011	Jack-o'-Lantern	A drunkard who tricked the Devil out of taking him to Hell. When refused entry to Heaven	 he was forced to wander the earth with only an ember as a light.	AAAAAA==
715012	Jack-o'-Lantern	A drunkard who tricked the Devil out of taking him to Hell. When refused entry to Heaven	 he was forced to wander the earth with only an ember as a light.	AAAAAA==
715013	Jack-o'-Lantern	A drunkard who tricked the Devil out of taking him to Hell. When refused entry to Heaven	 he was forced to wander the earth with only an ember as a light.	AAAAAA==
715014	Hua Po	A spirit of Chinese folklore who dwells in trees once used for hangings. She is smaller than a human and cannot speak	 but her voice is said to be as clear and as beautiful as a bird's song.	AAAAAA==
715015	Hua Po	A spirit of Chinese folklore who dwells in trees once used for hangings. She is smaller than a human and cannot speak	 but her voice is said to be as clear and as beautiful as a bird's song.	AAAAAA==
715021	Sudama	A spirit of rivers and mountains in Japanese lore	 it dwells in ancient trees and ageless rocks. They are not evil	 and will often appear as humans or supernatural wonders to warn people.	AAAAAA==
715022	Sudama	A spirit of rivers and mountains in Japanese lore	 it dwells in ancient trees and ageless rocks. They are not evil	 and will often appear as humans or supernatural wonders to warn people.	AAAAAA==
715023	High Pixie	The leader of a swarm of pixies. Any pixie in a leadership role or with remarkable power is called by this name.	AAAAAA==
715024	High Pixie	The leader of a swarm of pixies. Any pixie in a leadership role or with remarkable power is called by this name.	AAAAAA==
715031	Berith	One of the 72 demons of the Goetia. Known as the Duke of Hell	 he rides a gigantic horse and burns those without manners.	AAAAAA==
715032	Berith	One of the 72 demons of the Goetia. Known as the Duke of Hell	 he rides a gigantic horse and burns those without manners.	AAAAAA==
715041	Ippon-Datara	A one-eyed	 one-legged monster said to live deep in the mountains of Kumano	 Japan. It's believed to be the degraded blacksmith god	 Ame no Me-Hitotsu no Kami.	AAAAAA==
715042	Koppa Tengu	A type of tengu. Their spiritual power is weaker than other tengu	 so they are much smaller. They are said to be the reincarnations of long-lived wolves.	AAAAAA==
715043	Koppa Tengu	A type of tengu. Their spiritual power is weaker than other tengu	 so they are much smaller. They are said to be the reincarnations of long-lived wolves.	AAAAAA==
715051	Shiki-Ouji	An exceptionally powerful shikigami. Only the most elite onmyoji are able to summon and bind it to paper. It can ward off disaster or cure illness	 but its ordinary temperament is quite vicious.	AAAAAA==
715052	Shiki-Ouji	An exceptionally powerful shikigami. Only the most elite onmyoji are able to summon and bind it to paper. It can ward off disaster or cure illness	 but its ordinary temperament is quite vicious.	AAAAAA==
715061	Suzaku	One of the Ssu-Ling	 celestial creatures of Chinese myth. It is a giant bird that is said to chirp in five beautiful voices. It represents the direction south	 the season of summer	 and the element of fire.	AAAAAA==
715062	Anzu	An evil deity of Mesopotamian folklore with an eagle's body and lion's head. While the god Enlil purified himself	 Anzu stole the Tablets of Destiny from him.	AAAAAA==
715071	Sui-Ki	One of the four oni controlled by Fujiwara no Chikata	 it can cause floods with the swing of its arms. In the Taiheiki	 Ki no Tomoo expelled the oni by reading a Japanese poem.	AAAAAA==
715072	Yaksini	A female demon in Hindu lore. Though originally a Dravidian fertility goddess	 the spread of Hinduism changed perception of her to a demonic figure. Usually depicted as a nude	 voluptuous female.	AAAAAA==
715073	Yaksini	A female demon in Hindu lore. Though originally a Dravidian fertility goddess	 the spread of Hinduism changed perception of her to a demonic figure. Usually depicted as a nude	 voluptuous female.	AAAAAA==
715081	Orobas	One of the 72 demons of the Goetia. Known as the Prince of Hell	 he appears as a horse and answers questions of the past	 present	 and future. He is faithful to his conjurer.	AAAAAA==
715082	Flauros	One of the 72 demons of the Goetia. He appears as a leopard and can see the past and future. He can control fire and burn all his adversaries to death.	AAAAAA==
715091	Lamia	A half-human	 half-snake female monster of Greek myth	 she was once the queen of Libya. Zeus's jealous wife	 Hera	 killed her children	 causing her to go mad and transform into a monster.	AAAAAA==
715092	Orthrus	The two-headed pet dog belonging to the giant Geryon of Greek myth. He guarded a herd of red oxen but was killed by Hercules during one of his twelve labors.	AAAAAA==
715093	Orthrus	The two-headed pet dog belonging to the giant Geryon of Greek myth. He guarded a herd of red oxen but was killed by Hercules during one of his twelve labors.	AAAAAA==
715101	Arahabaki	A mysterious god of ancient Japan. Most famously worshipped by Nagasunehiko	 who was defeated in battle against Emperor Jinmu	 Arahabaki came to be treated as a symbol of rebellion and defiance.	AAAAAA==
715111	Clotho	The youngest of the three Moirae Sisters of Greek legend. She spins the threads of life with her spindle.	AAAAAA==
715112	Kushinada	A Japanese goddess. She governs fields and fertility. All of her sisters were sacrificed to Yamata-no-Orochi	 but she was saved by Susano-o and became his wife.	AAAAAA==
715121	Kaiwan	A god in Assyrian legend	 his name is interchangeable with Sakkut	 another incarnation of the star-god	 Saturn.	AAAAAA==
715122	Ara Mitama	One of the four aspects of Shinto thought	 it has the power to grant ferocity. It is said to aid in one's bravery	 growth	 and endeavors	 though it can lead in a negative direction.	AAAAAA==
715123	Ara Mitama	One of the four aspects of Shinto thought	 it has the power to grant ferocity. It is said to aid in one's bravery	 growth	 and endeavors	 though it can lead in a negative direction.	AAAAAA==
715131	Okuninushi	A Kunitsu deity in Japanese mythology that governs agriculture and medicine. He's said to have built the country of Izumo with Susano-o's daughter	 Suseri-Hime.	AAAAAA==
715132	Sarasvati	The Hindu goddess of rivers	 and patron of speech	 writing	 learning	 the arts	 and sciences. Brahma is her husband.	AAAAAA==
715141	Seiryu	The noblest of the Ssu-Ling creatures of Chinese myth. It represents the direction east	 the season of spring	 and the element of wood. It dwells in a palace at the bottom of the ocean.	AAAAAA==
715142	Byakko	One of the Ssu-Ling	 celestial creatures of Chinese myth. It represents the direction west	 the season of autumn	 and the element of metal. He is believed to be the king of all beasts.	AAAAAA==
715151	Cerberus	The guardian hound who prevents anyone from entering or exiting the underworld in Greek lore. It was born from Typhon and Echidna	 and is the older brother of Orthrus.	AAAAAA==
715152	Orthrus	The two-headed pet dog belonging to the giant Geryon of Greek myth. He guarded a herd of red oxen but was killed by Hercules during one of his twelve labors.	AAAAAA==
715161	Jatayu	The Hindu king of birds. In the Ramayana	 he fought bravely against Ravana in an attempt to save Sita	 Rama's wife and the seventh avatar of Vishnu	 but lost.	AAAAAA==
715162	Jatayu	The Hindu king of birds. In the Ramayana	 he fought bravely against Ravana in an attempt to save Sita	 Rama's wife and the seventh avatar of Vishnu	 but lost.	AAAAAA==
715163	Garuda	A divine bird-man in Hindu lore	 he once fought the gods and received immortality in exchange for becoming Vishnu's carrier.	AAAAAA==
715164	Garuda	A divine bird-man in Hindu lore	 he once fought the gods and received immortality in exchange for becoming Vishnu's carrier.	AAAAAA==
715171	Bugs	A Welsh creature commonly known as "Bugbear" or the "Boogeyman." Its existence is often used by mothers to scare children into behaving.	AAAAAA==
715172	Bugs	A Welsh creature commonly known as "Bugbear" or the "Boogeyman." Its existence is often used by mothers to scare children into behaving.	AAAAAA==
715173	Bugs	A Welsh creature commonly known as "Bugbear" or the "Boogeyman." Its existence is often used by mothers to scare children into behaving.	AAAAAA==
715174	Bugs	A Welsh creature commonly known as "Bugbear" or the "Boogeyman." Its existence is often used by mothers to scare children into behaving.	AAAAAA==
715181	White Rider	One of the Four Horsemen of the Apocalypse	 he rides a white horse with a bow in hand. A crown was granted to him	 and he promises victory.	AAAAAA==
715182	Red Rider	One of the Four Horsemen of the Apocalypse	 he rides a red horse and carries a great sword. He has the power to destroy peace and make men slay one another.	AAAAAA==
715191	Moloch	A Canaanite god of fire. A bronze statue of a man with a bull's head stands at his altar. The statue was heated and sacrificial children were thrown inside.	AAAAAA==
715201	Baphomet	A goat-headed demon that is worshipped in Black Sabbaths. His name can be used as a catch-all term for demons in general. He would become an object of worship for witches.	AAAAAA==
715202	Baphomet	A goat-headed demon that is worshipped in Black Sabbaths. His name can be used as a catch-all term for demons in general. He would become an object of worship for witches.	AAAAAA==
715211	Surt	A fire giant in Norse lore. He rules the fire realm	 Muspelheim	 and brandishes a burning sword. At Ragnarok	 he will set the world ablaze.	AAAAAA==
715221	Bishamonten	Also known as Tamonten and Vaishravana in Buddhist lore	 he is the strongest of the Heavenly Kings. He protects the North and is the god of war.	AAAAAA==
715222	Koumokuten	Also known as Virupaksha	 he is the protector of the West	 and is one of the four Heavenly Kings of Buddhist origin. He keeps a close watch on the world with his sharp gaze.	AAAAAA==
715231	Kohryu	Known as the Gold Dragon	 it reigns over the Ssu-Ling	 celestial creatures of Chinese lore. It is located at the center of the four beasts.	AAAAAA==
715232	Seiryu	The noblest of the Ssu-Ling creatures of Chinese myth. It represents the direction east	 the season of spring	 and the element of wood. It dwells in a palace at the bottom of the ocean.	AAAAAA==
715233	Byakko	One of the Ssu-Ling	 celestial creatures of Chinese myth. It represents the direction west	 the season of autumn	 and the element of metal. He is believed to be the king of all beasts.	AAAAAA==
715241	Mada	A giant Hindu monster. Its mouth is so enormous it can swallow the Earth and the heavens in one bite. Its name means "He Who Intoxicates."	AAAAAA==
715251	Futsunushi	The Nihonshoki sword deity who pacified Ashihara-no-Nakatsukuni. His name comes from "futsu	 the fashion in which things are cut, and nushi	 his nature as a god.,AAAAAA==
716011,Incubus,A male demon of European lore in medieval times. They visit sleeping women and have sexual intercourse with them. The resulting children become witches or wizards.,AAAAAA==
716012,Incubus,A male demon of European lore in medieval times. They visit sleeping women and have sexual intercourse with them. The resulting children become witches or wizards.,AAAAAA==
716013,Succubus,A female demon of European lore in medieval times. They visit sleeping men and have sexual intercourse with them. The victims don't wake up but may dream of the encounter.,AAAAAA==
716014,Succubus,A female demon of European lore in medieval times. They visit sleeping men and have sexual intercourse with them. The victims don't wake up but may dream of the encounter.,AAAAAA==
716021,Makami,A divine wolf god in Japanese folklore, also written as Oguchi-no-Magami." It is often drawn on prayer boards to prevent fires and thefts	 but it is also feared as a human-eater.	AAAAAA==
716022	Kelpie	A horse-like fairy of Celtic folklore that lives by the water. It drowns those who ride on it	 but is a valuable mount if you can tame it.	AAAAAA==
716031	Onmoraki	A monstrous	 fire spitting	 Japanese bird with a man's face. It is actually a corpse that was not given a proper memorial service. They appear before monks who neglect their duties.	AAAAAA==
716032	Onmoraki	A monstrous	 fire spitting	 Japanese bird with a man's face. It is actually a corpse that was not given a proper memorial service. They appear before monks who neglect their duties.	AAAAAA==
716033	Onmoraki	A monstrous	 fire spitting	 Japanese bird with a man's face. It is actually a corpse that was not given a proper memorial service. They appear before monks who neglect their duties.	AAAAAA==
716034	Obariyon	A "piggyback monster" of Japan that jumps on the backs of those who pass grassy paths. It is heavy and not easily removed	 but will turn into gold coins if you can carry it back home.	AAAAAA==
716035	Obariyon	A "piggyback monster" of Japan that jumps on the backs of those who pass grassy paths. It is heavy and not easily removed	 but will turn into gold coins if you can carry it back home.	AAAAAA==
716041	Genbu	One of the Ssu-Ling	 celestial creatures of Chinese myth. It represents the direction north	 the season of winter	 and the element of water. Known to be a great warrior	 it supports the Earth from below.	AAAAAA==
716042	Apsaras	Hindu water spirits	 they are beautiful young women who dance for the gods. They also guide heroes fallen in battle to paradise.	AAAAAA==
716051	Eligor	One of the 72 demons of the Goetia. He looks like a knight and has the power to see things to come. He also knows much about war.	AAAAAA==
716052	Bicorn	An evil creature with two curving horns from European folklore. It represents impurity	 unlike the Unicorn. Said to be derived from Re'em in the Bible. Another legend says that it feeds off of loyal husbands.	AAAAAA==
716053	Bicorn	An evil creature with two curving horns from European folklore. It represents impurity	 unlike the Unicorn. Said to be derived from Re'em in the Bible. Another legend says that it feeds off of loyal husbands.	AAAAAA==
716061	Black Ooze	A mass of malevolent intent and emotion that failed to become a true demon. All it does is eat	 prey	 and grow.	AAAAAA==
716062	Black Ooze	A mass of malevolent intent and emotion that failed to become a true demon. All it does is eat	 prey	 and grow.	AAAAAA==
716063	Black Ooze	A mass of malevolent intent and emotion that failed to become a true demon. All it does is eat	 prey	 and grow.	AAAAAA==
716071	Koppa Tengu	A type of tengu. Their spiritual power is weaker than other tengu	 so they are much smaller. They are said to be the reincarnations of long-lived wolves.	AAAAAA==
716072	Koppa Tengu	A type of tengu. Their spiritual power is weaker than other tengu	 so they are much smaller. They are said to be the reincarnations of long-lived wolves.	AAAAAA==
716073	Nigi Mitama	One of the four aspects of Shinto thought	 it works gently to help maintain a calm mind. It is said to aid in one's relations and sociability	 and can lead one in a positive direction.	AAAAAA==
716074	Nigi Mitama	One of the four aspects of Shinto thought	 it works gently to help maintain a calm mind. It is said to aid in one's relations and sociability	 and can lead one in a positive direction.	AAAAAA==
716081	Matador	A master sportsman who entertains the audience in exchange for his own life: one mistake can mean death. Some believe that matadors who die while performing remain in this world.	AAAAAA==
716082	Orobas	One of the 72 demons of the Goetia. Known as the Prince of Hell	 he appears as a horse and answers questions of the past	 present	 and future. He is faithful to his conjurer.	AAAAAA==
716091	Silky	A fairy of England and Scotland. She carries out household chores while everyone sleeps and is a welcome spirit. It is said you can hear her silk skirt rustle as she works.	AAAAAA==
716092	Nekomata	Long-lived cats are said to become these malevolent cat demons. Their powers vary according to how long they have lived	 ranging from shape-shifting to controlling the dead.	AAAAAA==
716101	Archangel	Eighth of the nine orders of angels. Their duty is to minister to humans and deliver messages. They are warriors of Heaven and lead Heaven's forces during battle with the armies of evil.	AAAAAA==
716102	Hell Biker	A motorcyclist whose violent nature turned him into a demon. His anger with himself and the world causes him to lash out	 that everyone else would suffer as well.	AAAAAA==
716111	Phoenix	The legendary bird of Chinese myth	 said to appear only in times of peace. It is the ruler of all birds. When it dies	 birds across the land chirp with sadness.	AAAAAA==
716112	Genbu	One of the Ssu-Ling	 celestial creatures of Chinese myth. It represents the direction north	 the season of winter	 and the element of water. Known to be a great warrior	 it supports the Earth from below.	AAAAAA==
716121	Fuu-Ki	One of the four oni controlled by Fujiwara no Chikata	 it sends hurricanes to blow away its enemies. Some say that Fuu-ki is the original ninja.	AAAAAA==
716122	Sandman	A fairy in German folklore who carries a bag of magical sand	 which puts humans to sleep when thrown into their eyes. If the victim resists	 the Sandman will sit on their eyelids.	AAAAAA==
716123	Sandman	A fairy in German folklore who carries a bag of magical sand	 which puts humans to sleep when thrown into their eyes. If the victim resists	 the Sandman will sit on their eyelids.	AAAAAA==
716131	Lilim	A demon who tempts sleeping men and attacks infants. She is the daughter of the demoness	 Lilith. Like her mother	 she drains men of their essence.	AAAAAA==
716132	Lachesis	The middle sister of the three Moirae Sisters of Greek legend. She is the apportioner	 measuring the thread which determines each person's lifespan.	AAAAAA==
716141	Mitra	An ancient Persian god of contracts. He was also revered as a harvest-bringing sun god when he was introduced to the Zoroastrian religion.	AAAAAA==
716142	Mitra	An ancient Persian god of contracts. He was also revered as a harvest-bringing sun god when he was introduced to the Zoroastrian religion.	AAAAAA==
716143	Rakshasa	A Hindu demon. He is an enemy of the gods and attacks humans to feed off of them. His hideous appearance strikes fear into those who see him. Rakshasa shape-shifts to deceive his enemies.	AAAAAA==
716144	Rakshasa	A Hindu demon. He is an enemy of the gods and attacks humans to feed off of them. His hideous appearance strikes fear into those who see him. Rakshasa shape-shifts to deceive his enemies.	AAAAAA==
716151	Hecatoncheires	Giants born from Uranus and Gaia. The name means "those with a hundred arms." During the war of the Titans	 Zeus freed them from the Underworld to help him obtain victory.	AAAAAA==
716161	Pazuzu	The Babylonian lord of wind and scorching sands. He has the body of a man	 a lion's head	 the claws and wings of an eagle	 and has a deadly poison. The diseases he spreads can only be cured with magic.	AAAAAA==
716162	Rangda	A wicked witch of Balinese lore	 she represents evil and is Barong's eternal rival. Even if defeated	 she will come back to life	 and their battle will have no end.	AAAAAA==
716171	Ose	One of the 72 demons of the Goetia	 he is known as the President of Hell. He can shape-shift from leopard to human and reveal the truth behind divine mysteries.	AAAAAA==
716172	Nekomata	Long-lived cats are said to become these malevolent cat demons. Their powers vary according to how long they have lived	 ranging from shape-shifting to controlling the dead.	AAAAAA==
716173	Nekomata	Long-lived cats are said to become these malevolent cat demons. Their powers vary according to how long they have lived	 ranging from shape-shifting to controlling the dead.	AAAAAA==
716181	Seth	The Egyptian god of the desert	 chaos	 and evil. He murdered his brother	 Osiris	 and tried to become chief god	 but he was castrated by Osiris's son	 Horus.	AAAAAA==
716191	Baphomet	A goat-headed demon that is worshipped in Black Sabbaths. His name can be used as a catch-all term for demons in general. He would become an object of worship for witches.	AAAAAA==
716192	Baphomet	A goat-headed demon that is worshipped in Black Sabbaths. His name can be used as a catch-all term for demons in general. He would become an object of worship for witches.	AAAAAA==
716201	Girimehkala	A giant elephant monster of Sri Lankan myth	 it is typically portrayed as being ridden by the Evil One	 Mara. Whoever looks into its evil eye is said to be met with misfortune.	AAAAAA==
716211	Pale Rider	One of the Four Horsemen of the Apocalypse	 he rides a pale horse and represents death. He has the power to destroy life.	AAAAAA==
716212	Red Rider	One of the Four Horsemen of the Apocalypse	 he rides a red horse and carries a great sword. He has the power to destroy peace and make men slay one another.	AAAAAA==
716221	Cu Chulainn	A hero in Celtic folklore. He was called Setanta until he earned the name	 "Culann's Hound." There are many tales of his adventures. He received his spear	 Gae Bolg	 from his mentor	 Scathach.	AAAAAA==
716231	Nebiros	The general of Hell. He keeps watch over other demons. One of Hell's greatest necromancers	 he can control souls and corpses.	AAAAAA==
716232	Nebiros	The general of Hell. He keeps watch over other demons. One of Hell's greatest necromancers	 he can control souls and corpses.	AAAAAA==
716241	Beelzebub	Demonic Lord of the Flies whose insect minions carry souls for him to control. He is mentioned in the Bible as a leader of evil spirits and is seen as a powerful demon.	AAAAAA==
716242	Rangda	A wicked witch of Balinese lore	 she represents evil and is Barong's eternal rival. Even if defeated	 she will come back to life	 and their battle will have no end.	AAAAAA==
716243	Rangda	A wicked witch of Balinese lore	 she represents evil and is Barong's eternal rival. Even if defeated	 she will come back to life	 and their battle will have no end.	AAAAAA==
716251	Zaou-Gongen	Repeller of evil found at Kinpusen by En-no-Ozunu. Believed to be a fusion of Buddha	 Guanyin	 and Maitreya	 he's a god who originated from Japan rather than the Buddhavacana.	AAAAAA==
717011	Jack-o'-Lantern	A drunkard who tricked the Devil out of taking him to Hell. When refused entry to Heaven	 he was forced to wander the earth with only an ember as a light.	AAAAAA==
717012	Jack-o'-Lantern	A drunkard who tricked the Devil out of taking him to Hell. When refused entry to Heaven	 he was forced to wander the earth with only an ember as a light.	AAAAAA==
717013	Jack-o'-Lantern	A drunkard who tricked the Devil out of taking him to Hell. When refused entry to Heaven	 he was forced to wander the earth with only an ember as a light.	AAAAAA==
717014	Agathion	A general term for familiars used by Judeo-Christian magicians	 they are usually sealed away in bottles	 rings	 or talismans. They torment the target selected by the conjuror.	AAAAAA==
717015	Agathion	A general term for familiars used by Judeo-Christian magicians	 they are usually sealed away in bottles	 rings	 or talismans. They torment the target selected by the conjuror.	AAAAAA==
717021	High Pixie	The leader of a swarm of pixies. Any pixie in a leadership role or with remarkable power is called by this name.	AAAAAA==
717022	High Pixie	The leader of a swarm of pixies. Any pixie in a leadership role or with remarkable power is called by this name.	AAAAAA==
717023	Pixie	Friendly fairies of the forest that tend to hide from humans. They like to play tricks on lazy people. It is said they are the souls of dead	 unbaptized children.	AAAAAA==
717024	Pixie	Friendly fairies of the forest that tend to hide from humans. They like to play tricks on lazy people. It is said they are the souls of dead	 unbaptized children.	AAAAAA==
717025	Pixie	Friendly fairies of the forest that tend to hide from humans. They like to play tricks on lazy people. It is said they are the souls of dead	 unbaptized children.	AAAAAA==
717031	Saki Mitama	One of the four aspects of Shinto thought	 it brings great bounty from the hunt. It is said to aid in love	 profit	 and growth	 and can create new paths.	AAAAAA==
717032	Saki Mitama	One of the four aspects of Shinto thought	 it brings great bounty from the hunt. It is said to aid in love	 profit	 and growth	 and can create new paths.	AAAAAA==
717033	Inugami	A dog spirit said to possess people in Japanese lore. Those possessed are in a state of "inu-tsuki" and lose consciousness. Onmyoji use Inugami as familiars.	AAAAAA==
717034	Inugami	A dog spirit said to possess people in Japanese lore. Those possessed are in a state of "inu-tsuki" and lose consciousness. Onmyoji use Inugami as familiars.	AAAAAA==
717041	Archangel	Eighth of the nine orders of angels. Their duty is to minister to humans and deliver messages. They are warriors of Heaven and lead Heaven's forces during battle with the armies of evil.	AAAAAA==
717042	Angel	Ninth of the nineorders of angels.They are closest in nature to humans.They watch over individuals and warn those who stray from the path.	AAAAAA==
717051	Mokoi	Evil spirits of Murngin lore believed to be reborn shadows. They kidnap and eat children	 and strike down any sorcerer who uses black magic.	AAAAAA==
717052	Mokoi	Evil spirits of Murngin lore believed to be reborn shadows. They kidnap and eat children	 and strike down any sorcerer who uses black magic.	AAAAAA==
717053	Mokoi	Evil spirits of Murngin lore believed to be reborn shadows. They kidnap and eat children	 and strike down any sorcerer who uses black magic.	AAAAAA==
717054	Slime	A primitive monster with a viscous body. There are various theories as to its origin	 but it is still under debate. Said to compulsively collect shiny objects.	AAAAAA==
717055	Slime	A primitive monster with a viscous body. There are various theories as to its origin	 but it is still under debate. Said to compulsively collect shiny objects.	AAAAAA==
717061	Take-Minakata	A Japanese god of war	 hunting and fertility. He fought Take-Mikazuchi for control of Japan and lost. He escaped to Suwa	 but has been prohibited to leave since then.	AAAAAA==
717071	Naga	Half-snake	 half-human divine beings in Hindu lore	 worshipped as bringers of rain. They live in the bottoms of lakes and seas	 singing and dancing when they are not fighting.	AAAAAA==
717072	Lamia	A half-human	 half-snake female monster of Greek myth	 she was once the queen of Libya. Zeus's jealous wife	 Hera	 killed her children	 causing her to go mad and transform into a monster.	AAAAAA==
717081	Lilim	A demon who tempts sleeping men and attacks infants. She is the daughter of the demoness	 Lilith. Like her mother	 she drains men of their essence.	AAAAAA==
717082	Rakshasa	A Hindu demon. He is an enemy of the gods and attacks humans to feed off of them. His hideous appearance strikes fear into those who see him. Rakshasa shape-shifts to deceive his enemies.	AAAAAA==
717083	Rakshasa	A Hindu demon. He is an enemy of the gods and attacks humans to feed off of them. His hideous appearance strikes fear into those who see him. Rakshasa shape-shifts to deceive his enemies.	AAAAAA==
717091	Neko Shogun	A prophetic Taoist god	 originally known as Mao Shogun. Due to a linguistic error involving the Chinese word for "cat	 his name was changed to Neko Shogun.,AAAAAA==
717092,Neko Shogun,A prophetic Taoist god, originally known as Mao Shogun. Due to a linguistic error involving the Chinese word for cat	 his name was changed to Neko Shogun.,AAAAAA==
717101,Hariti,Also known as Kishimojin, she once ate children, but stopped after Buddha changed her ways. She now eats pomegranates and is a goddess of parenting.,AAAAAA==
717111,Principality,The seventh of the nine orders of angels. They guard cities and nations, and protect various religious figures.,AAAAAA==
717112,Archangel,Eighth of the nine orders of angels. Their duty is to minister to humans and deliver messages. They are warriors of Heaven and lead Heaven's forces during battle with the armies of evil.,AAAAAA==
717121,Zouchouten,Also known as Virudhaka, he is the protector of the South, and is one of the four Heavenly Kings of Buddhist origin. He is the god of the five grains, and was once the chief of the gods.,AAAAAA==
717122,Jikokuten,Also known as Dhritarashtra, he is the protector of the East, and is one of the four Heavenly Kings of Buddhist origin. He helps maintain the security of the nation.,AAAAAA==
717131,Daisoujou,A monk who died while fasting, his spiritual power allows his body to continue to exist without rotting. It is said that he will appear before people on the day of salvation.,AAAAAA==
717141,Power,The sixth of the nine orders of angels. It is said that they were the first order to be created. Their duty is to protect human souls from demons.,AAAAAA==
717142,Principality,The seventh of the nine orders of angels. They guard cities and nations, and protect various religious figures.,AAAAAA==
717151,Unicorn,A legendary white horse with a single spiral horn. It can only be tamed by a pure maiden, and its horn supposedly has miraculous healing capabilities.,AAAAAA==
717152,Unicorn,A legendary white horse with a single spiral horn. It can only be tamed by a pure maiden, and its horn supposedly has miraculous healing capabilities.,AAAAAA==
717161,Okuninushi,A Kunitsu deity in Japanese mythology that governs agriculture and medicine. He's said to have built the country of Izumo with Susano-o's daughter, Suseri-Hime.,AAAAAA==
717162,Take-Minakata,A Japanese god of war, hunting and fertility. He fought Take-Mikazuchi for control of Japan and lost. He escaped to Suwa, but has been prohibited to leave since then.,AAAAAA==
717171,Queen Mab,The fairy queen in Celtic myth. Often identified with Titania. She would offer mead mixed with her blood to her many consorts.,AAAAAA==
717181,Barong,A mystical creature in Balinese lore, it represents good and is Rangda's eternal rival. Even if defeated, it will be reborn. The result is a never-ending struggle.,AAAAAA==
717182,Barong,A mystical creature in Balinese lore, it represents good and is Rangda's eternal rival. Even if defeated, it will be reborn. The result is a never-ending struggle.,AAAAAA==
717183,Shiisaa,A holy beast said to protect houses from evil and bring good fortune. They look similar to Shinto guardian dogs, but are actually modeled after a lion. There are many stories about it in Ryukyu lore.,AAAAAA==
717184,Shiisaa,A holy beast said to protect houses from evil and bring good fortune. They look similar to Shinto guardian dogs, but are actually modeled after a lion. There are many stories about it in Ryukyu lore.,AAAAAA==
717185,Shiisaa,A holy beast said to protect houses from evil and bring good fortune. They look similar to Shinto guardian dogs, but are actually modeled after a lion. There are many stories about it in Ryukyu lore.,AAAAAA==
717191,Yatagarasu,A divine creature in Japanese lore. They are three-legged birds sent by Amaterasu to help humans. They are said to have helped Emperor Jinmu claim victory.,AAAAAA==
717192,Yatagarasu,A divine creature in Japanese lore. They are three-legged birds sent by Amaterasu to help humans. They are said to have helped Emperor Jinmu claim victory.,AAAAAA==
717201,Parvati,A beautiful Hindu goddess of love and one of Shiva's wives. Always by his side, she played a role in opening his third eye. She can turn into Durga or Kali when angered.,AAAAAA==
717211,Dominion,The fourth of the nine orders of angels. Their duty is to oversee the other angels. Their actions are the manifestation of God's will.,AAAAAA==
717212,Power,The sixth of the nine orders of angels. It is said that they were the first order to be created. Their duty is to protect human souls from demons.,AAAAAA==
717221,Raphael,One of the four major archangels, his name means healer." He recites the history of the fallen angels and the creation of Adam and Eve.	AAAAAA==
717231	Kali	A goddess of death and destruction. She is said to be another face of Parvati. She is violent	 wears a string of skulls	and carries bloody weapons	 but she also blesses her followers.	AAAAAA==
717232	Yaksini	A female demon in Hindu lore. Though originally a Dravidian fertility goddess	 the spread of Hinduism changed perception of her to a demonic figure. Usually depicted as a nude	 voluptuous female.	AAAAAA==
717233	Yaksini	A female demon in Hindu lore. Though originally a Dravidian fertility goddess	 the spread of Hinduism changed perception of her to a demonic figure. Usually depicted as a nude	 voluptuous female.	AAAAAA==
717241	Dominion	The fourth of the nine orders of angels. Their duty is to oversee the other angels. Their actions are the manifestation of God's will.	AAAAAA==
717242	Gabriel	One of the four major archangels. She is also the only female angel at this rank. Her name comes from the Sumerian word for "governor." She is the angel who told Mary of her pregnancy.	AAAAAA==
717251	Sraosha	In Zoroastrian lore	 Sraosha's duty is to listen to the cry of humans for Ahura Mazda. He is also known to descend after sunset to vanquish evil. His name literally means "observance."	AAAAAA==
730111	Dominion	The fourth of the nine orders of angels. Their duty is to oversee the other angels. Their actions are the manifestation of God's will.	Dominion	 Power	 Principality	 and Archangel have <color=#ff3b37>Soul Link</color>.
Soul Link: When a Shadow with Soul Link takes damage	 split the damage between all Shadows with Soul Link	 based on its current HP.
Dominion continuously summons waves of Angels. You can restore SP when you defeat an Angel.
When Dominion is weakened	 damage dealt to Angels is added to your score.
730112	Dominion	The fourth of the nine orders of angels. Their duty is to oversee the other angels. Their actions are the manifestation of God's will.	Dominion	 Power	 Principality	 and Archangel are in the <color=#72C5FF>Soul Link</color> state.
Soul Link: When a Shadow with Soul Link takes damage	 split the damage between all Shadows with Soul Link	 based on its current HP.
730121	Power	The sixth of the nine orders of angels. It is said that they were the first order to be created. Their duty is to protect human souls from demons.	Dominion	 Power	 Principality	 and Archangel are in the <color=#72C5FF>Soul Link</color> state.
Soul Link: When a Shadow with Soul Link takes damage	 split the damage between all Shadows with Soul Link	 based on its current HP.
730122	Power	The sixth of the nine orders of angels. It is said that they were the first order to be created. Their duty is to protect human souls from demons.	Dominion	 Power	 Principality	 and Archangel are in the <color=#72C5FF>Soul Link</color> state.
Soul Link: When a Shadow with Soul Link takes damage	 split the damage between all Shadows with Soul Link	 based on its current HP.
730131	Principality	The seventh of the nine orders of angels. They guard cities and nations	 and protect various religious figures.	Dominion	 Power	 Principality	 and Archangel are in the <color=#72C5FF>Soul Link</color> state.
Soul Link: When a Shadow with Soul Link takes damage	 split the damage between all Shadows with Soul Link	 based on its current HP.
730132	Principality	The seventh of the nine orders of angels. They guard cities and nations	 and protect various religious figures.	Dominion	 Power	 Principality	 and Archangel are in the <color=#72C5FF>Soul Link</color> state.
Soul Link: When a Shadow with Soul Link takes damage	 split the damage between all Shadows with Soul Link	 based on its current HP.
730141	Archangel	Eighth of the nine orders of angels. Their duty is to minister to humans and deliver messages. They are warriors of Heaven and lead Heaven's forces during battle with the armies of evil.	Dominion	 Power	 Principality	 and Archangel are in the <color=#72C5FF>Soul Link</color> state.
Soul Link: When a Shadow with Soul Link takes damage	 split the damage between all Shadows with Soul Link	 based on its current HP.
730142	Archangel	Eighth of the nine orders of angels. Their duty is to minister to humans and deliver messages. They are warriors of Heaven and lead Heaven's forces during battle with the armies of evil.	Dominion	 Power	 Principality	 and Archangel are in the <color=#72C5FF>Soul Link</color> state.
Soul Link: When a Shadow with Soul Link takes damage	 split the damage between all Shadows with Soul Link	 based on its current HP.
730151	Angel	Ninth of the nineorders of angels.They are closest in nature to humans.They watch over individuals and warn those who stray from the path.	Dominion will summon continuous waves of Angels. When an Angel is defeated	 SP is restored.
When Dominion is weakened	 damage dealt to Angels is added to your score.
730152	Angel	Ninth of the nineorders of angels.They are closest in nature to humans.They watch over individuals and warn those who stray from the path.	Dominion will summon continuous waves of Angels. When an Angel is defeated	 SP is restored.
When Dominion is weakened	 damage dealt to Angels is added to your score.
730611	Dominion	The fourth of the nine orders of angels. Their duty is to oversee the other angels. Their actions are the manifestation of God's will.	Dominion	 Power	 Principality	 and Archangel have <color=#ff3b37>Soul Link</color>.
Soul Link: When a Shadow with Soul Link takes damage	 split the damage between all Shadows with Soul Link	 based on its current HP.
Dominion continuously summons waves of Angels. You can restore SP when you defeat an Angel.
When you deal damage to a summoned Angel	 your score increases.
730621	Power	The sixth of the nine orders of angels. It is said that they were the first order to be created. Their duty is to protect human souls from demons.	Dominion	 Power	 Principality	 and Archangel are in the <color=#72C5FF>Soul Link</color> state.
Soul Link: When a Shadow with Soul Link takes damage	 split the damage between all Shadows with Soul Link	 based on its current HP.
730631	Principality	The seventh of the nine orders of angels. They guard cities and nations	 and protect various religious figures.	Dominion	 Power	 Principality	 and Archangel are in the <color=#72C5FF>Soul Link</color> state.
Soul Link: When a Shadow with Soul Link takes damage	 split the damage between all Shadows with Soul Link	 based on its current HP.
730641	Archangel	Eighth of the nine orders of angels. Their duty is to minister to humans and deliver messages. They are warriors of Heaven and lead Heaven's forces during battle with the armies of evil.	Dominion	 Power	 Principality	 and Archangel are in the <color=#72C5FF>Soul Link</color> state.
Soul Link: When a Shadow with Soul Link takes damage	 split the damage between all Shadows with Soul Link	 based on its current HP.
730651	Angel	Ninth of the nineorders of angels.They are closest in nature to humans.They watch over individuals and warn those who stray from the path.	Dominion continuously summons waves of Angels. You can restore SP when you defeat an Angel.
When you deal damage to a summoned Angel	 your score increases.
731111	Kohryu	Known as the Gold Dragon	 it reigns over the Ssu-Ling	 celestial creatures of Chinese lore. It is located at the center of the four beasts.	During battle	 Kohryu will summon Shadows of Seiryu	 Byakko	 Suzaku	 and Genbu. When a Shadow is summoned	 its corresponding Might is granted to all Shadows on the field. When a Shadow is defeated	 the Shadows lose that Might and it is granted to all Phantom Thieves instead.
Seiryu's Might: Grants a Shield equal to 10% of max HP every turn.
Byakko's Might: Increases Attack by 20%.
Suzaku's Might: Increases damage dealt by 20%.
Genbu's Might: Increases Defense by 20%.
731112	Kohryu	Known as the Gold Dragon	 it reigns over the Ssu-Ling	 celestial creatures of Chinese lore. It is located at the center of the four beasts.	During battle	 Kohryu will summon Shadows of Seiryu	 Byakko	 Suzaku	 and Genbu. When a Shadow is summoned	 its corresponding Might is granted to all Shadows on the field. When a Shadow is defeated	 the Shadows lose that Might and it is granted to all Phantom Thieves instead.
Seiryu's Might: Grants a Shield equal to 10% of max HP every turn.
Byakko's Might: Increases Attack by 20%.
Suzaku's Might: Increases damage dealt by 20%.
Genbu's Might: Increases Defense by 20%.
731121	Shade of Genbu	-	AAAAAA==
731122	Shade of Suzaku	-	AAAAAA==
731123	Shade of Byakko	-	AAAAAA==
731124	Shade of Seiryu	-	AAAAAA==
732111	Oberon	The king of the fairies and Titania's husband. He is quite old but	 due to a curse	 his looks are that of a young boy. He often flirts with human women	 which sometimes earns him a scolding from his wife.	AAAAAA==
732112	Oberon	The king of the fairies and Titania's husband. He is quite old but	 due to a curse	 his looks are that of a young boy. He often flirts with human women	 which sometimes earns him a scolding from his wife.	AAAAAA==
732113	Oberon	The king of the fairies and Titania's husband. He is quite old but	 due to a curse	 his looks are that of a young boy. He often flirts with human women	 which sometimes earns him a scolding from his wife.	AAAAAA==
732114	Oberon	The king of the fairies and Titania's husband. He is quite old but	 due to a curse	 his looks are that of a young boy. He often flirts with human women	 which sometimes earns him a scolding from his wife.	AAAAAA==
732115	Titania	The queen of the fairies and Oberon's wife. She is derived from the Roman goddess Diana. She was later immortalized in Shakespeare's play "A Midsummer Night's Dream."	AAAAAA==
732116	Titania	The queen of the fairies and Oberon's wife. She is derived from the Roman goddess Diana. She was later immortalized in Shakespeare's play "A Midsummer Night's Dream."	AAAAAA==
732117	Titania	The queen of the fairies and Oberon's wife. She is derived from the Roman goddess Diana. She was later immortalized in Shakespeare's play "A Midsummer Night's Dream."	AAAAAA==
732118	Titania	The queen of the fairies and Oberon's wife. She is derived from the Roman goddess Diana. She was later immortalized in Shakespeare's play "A Midsummer Night's Dream."	AAAAAA==
732119	Sudama	A spirit of rivers and mountains in Japanese lore	 it dwells in ancient trees and ageless rocks. They are not evil	 and will often appear as humans or supernatural wonders to warn people.	AAAAAA==
733111	Surt	A fire giant in Norse lore. He rules the fire realm	 Muspelheim	 and brandishes a burning sword. At Ragnarok	 he will set the world ablaze.	1. Surt grants <color=#72C5FF>Ragnarok</color> to all Shadows each turn.
Ragnarok: Increases damage dealt by 5%	 and loses a set amount of HP each turn. Stacks up to 10 times.
2. When Weakened	 Surt grants 5 <color=#72C5FF>Ragnarok</color> stacks to all Phantom Thieves	 and summons 4 Jack-o'-Lanterns. Damage dealt to the Jack-o'-Lanterns is added to your score.
733112	Surt	A fire giant in Norse lore. He rules the fire realm	 Muspelheim	 and brandishes a burning sword. At Ragnarok	 he will set the world ablaze.	1. Surt grants <color=#72C5FF>Ragnarok</color> to all Shadows each turn.
Ragnarok: Increases damage dealt by 5%	 and loses a set amount of HP each turn. Stacks up to 10 times.
2. When Weakened	 Surt grants 5 <color=#72C5FF>Ragnarok</color> stacks to all Phantom Thieves	 and summons 4 Jack-o'-Lanterns. Damage dealt to the Jack-o'-Lanterns is added to your score.
733121	Jack-o'-Lantern	A drunkard who tricked the Devil out of taking him to Hell. When refused entry to Heaven	 he was forced to wander the earth with only an ember as a light.	AAAAAA==
733131	Baphomet	A goat-headed demon that is worshipped in Black Sabbaths. His name can be used as a catch-all term for demons in general. He would become an object of worship for witches.	When Baphomet is defeated	 Surt's HP is reduced by a set amount.
733132	Baphomet	A goat-headed demon that is worshipped in Black Sabbaths. His name can be used as a catch-all term for demons in general. He would become an object of worship for witches.	When Baphomet is defeated	 Surt's HP is reduced by a set amount.
733611	Surt	A fire giant in Norse lore. He rules the fire realm	 Muspelheim	 and brandishes a burning sword. At Ragnarok	 he will set the world ablaze.	Surt grants 2 stacks of <color=#72C5FF>Ragnarok</color> to all Shadows every turn.
Ragnarok: Damage increases by 5%	 and lose a set amount of HP each turn. Stacks up to 10 times.
733621	Jack-o'-Lantern	A drunkard who tricked the Devil out of taking him to Hell. When refused entry to Heaven	 he was forced to wander the earth with only an ember as a light.	Damage dealt to the Jack-o'-Lanterns is added to your score.
734111	Vishnu	One of the major Hindu gods	 he is the preserver and protector of the universe. Legends claim that he will make ten appearances across time and space to strike down evil and uphold justice.	When Vishnu's HP falls below 90% or 60% for the first time	 it summons 2 Avatars. The Avatars and Vishnu's main body are in the <color=#72C5FF>Soul Link</color> state.
Soul Link: Distributes all damage received between all Shadows who share this condition	 based on the percentage of their current HP.
734112	Vishnu	One of the major Hindu gods	 he is the preserver and protector of the universe. Legends claim that he will make ten appearances across time and space to strike down evil and uphold justice.	When Vishnu's HP falls below 90% or 60% for the first time	 it summons 2 Avatars. The Avatars and Vishnu's main body are in the <color=#72C5FF>Soul Link</color> state.
Soul Link: Distributes all damage received between all Shadows who share this condition	 based on the percentage of their current HP.
734121	Vishnu's Avatar	-	One of Vishnu's avatars.
734122	Vishnu's Avatar	-	One of Vishnu's avatars.
734123	Vishnu's Avatar	-	One of Vishnu's avatars.
734124	Vishnu's Avatar	-	One of Vishnu's avatars.
734131	Weakened Avatar	-	One of Vishnu's avatars.
734611	Vishnu	One of the major Hindu gods	 he is the preserver and protector of the universe. Legends claim that he will make ten appearances across time and space to strike down evil and uphold justice.	Vishnu's Avatars and its main body are in the <color=#72C5FF>Soul Link</color> state.
Soul Link: Distributes all damage received between all Shadows who share this condition	 based on the percentage of their current HP.
734621	Vishnu's Avatar	-	One of Vishnu's avatars.
734622	Vishnu's Avatar	-	One of Vishnu's avatars.
734623	Vishnu's Avatar	-	One of Vishnu's avatars.
734624	Vishnu's Avatar	-	One of Vishnu's avatars.
735111	Atavaka	One of the eight Yashaou. His domain is war and protection. Once a child-eating demon	 he became one of the greatest of the Wisdom Kings after the Buddha converted him to good.	When Atavaka takes damage from a skill	 he gains a Mark based on that skill's <color=#FF423F>attribute</color>. The maximum number of Marks is 7.
When he has collected 3 Marks of the same attribute	 Atavaka spends all Marks to summon a Rakshasa. When Rakshasa is defeated	 the corresponding attribute damage of all Phantom Thieves is increased. Atavaka can summon Rakshasa up to 2 times.
735112	Atavaka	One of the eight Yashaou. His domain is war and protection. Once a child-eating demon	 he became one of the greatest of the Wisdom Kings after the Buddha converted him to good.	When Atavaka takes damage from a skill	 he gains a Mark based on that skill's <color=#FF423F>attribute</color>. The maximum number of Marks is 7.
When he has collected 3 Marks of the same attribute	 Atavaka spends all Marks to summon a Rakshasa. When Rakshasa is defeated	 the corresponding attribute damage of all Phantom Thieves is increased. Atavaka can summon Rakshasa up to 2 times.
735121	Rakshasa	A Hindu demon. He is an enemy of the gods and attacks humans to feed off of them. His hideous appearance strikes fear into those who see him. Rakshasa shape-shifts to deceive his enemies.	After being defeated	 all Phantom Thieves' Physical damage increases.
735122	Rakshasa	A Hindu demon. He is an enemy of the gods and attacks humans to feed off of them. His hideous appearance strikes fear into those who see him. Rakshasa shape-shifts to deceive his enemies.	After being defeated	 all Phantom Thieves' Gun damage increases.
735123	Rakshasa	A Hindu demon. He is an enemy of the gods and attacks humans to feed off of them. His hideous appearance strikes fear into those who see him. Rakshasa shape-shifts to deceive his enemies.	After being defeated	 all Phantom Thieves' Fire damage increases.
735124	Rakshasa	A Hindu demon. He is an enemy of the gods and attacks humans to feed off of them. His hideous appearance strikes fear into those who see him. Rakshasa shape-shifts to deceive his enemies.	After being defeated	 all Phantom Thieves' Ice damage increases.
735125	Rakshasa	A Hindu demon. He is an enemy of the gods and attacks humans to feed off of them. His hideous appearance strikes fear into those who see him. Rakshasa shape-shifts to deceive his enemies.	After being defeated	 all Phantom Thieves' Electric damage increases.
735126	Rakshasa	A Hindu demon. He is an enemy of the gods and attacks humans to feed off of them. His hideous appearance strikes fear into those who see him. Rakshasa shape-shifts to deceive his enemies.	After being defeated	 all Phantom Thieves' Wind damage increases.
735127	Rakshasa	A Hindu demon. He is an enemy of the gods and attacks humans to feed off of them. His hideous appearance strikes fear into those who see him. Rakshasa shape-shifts to deceive his enemies.	After being defeated	 all Phantom Thieves' Psychokinesis damage increases.
735128	Rakshasa	A Hindu demon. He is an enemy of the gods and attacks humans to feed off of them. His hideous appearance strikes fear into those who see him. Rakshasa shape-shifts to deceive his enemies.	After being defeated	 all Phantom Thieves' Nuclear damage increases.
735129	Rakshasa	A Hindu demon. He is an enemy of the gods and attacks humans to feed off of them. His hideous appearance strikes fear into those who see him. Rakshasa shape-shifts to deceive his enemies.	After being defeated	 all Phantom Thieves' Bless damage increases.
735130	Rakshasa	A Hindu demon. He is an enemy of the gods and attacks humans to feed off of them. His hideous appearance strikes fear into those who see him. Rakshasa shape-shifts to deceive his enemies.	After being defeated	 all Phantom Thieves' Curse damage increases.
735131	Rakshasa	A Hindu demon. He is an enemy of the gods and attacks humans to feed off of them. His hideous appearance strikes fear into those who see him. Rakshasa shape-shifts to deceive his enemies.	After being defeated	 all Phantom Thieves' Almighty damage increases.
735611	Atavaka	One of the eight Yashaou. His domain is war and protection. Once a child-eating demon	 he became one of the greatest of the Wisdom Kings after the Buddha converted him to good.	When Atavaka takes damage from a skill	 he gains a Mark based on that skill's <color=#FF423F>attribute</color>. The maximum number of Marks is 7.
When he has collected 3 Marks of the same attribute	 Atavaka spends all Marks to summon a Rakshasa. When Rakshasa is defeated	 the corresponding attribute damage of all Phantom Thieves is increased. Atavaka can summon Rakshasa up to 2 times.
735621	Rakshasa	A Hindu demon. He is an enemy of the gods and attacks humans to feed off of them. His hideous appearance strikes fear into those who see him. Rakshasa shape-shifts to deceive his enemies.	After being defeated	 all Phantom Thieves' Physical damage increases.
735622	Rakshasa	A Hindu demon. He is an enemy of the gods and attacks humans to feed off of them. His hideous appearance strikes fear into those who see him. Rakshasa shape-shifts to deceive his enemies.	After being defeated	 all Phantom Thieves' Gun damage increases.
735623	Rakshasa	A Hindu demon. He is an enemy of the gods and attacks humans to feed off of them. His hideous appearance strikes fear into those who see him. Rakshasa shape-shifts to deceive his enemies.	After being defeated	 all Phantom Thieves' Fire damage increases.
735624	Rakshasa	A Hindu demon. He is an enemy of the gods and attacks humans to feed off of them. His hideous appearance strikes fear into those who see him. Rakshasa shape-shifts to deceive his enemies.	After being defeated	 all Phantom Thieves' Ice damage increases.
735625	Rakshasa	A Hindu demon. He is an enemy of the gods and attacks humans to feed off of them. His hideous appearance strikes fear into those who see him. Rakshasa shape-shifts to deceive his enemies.	After being defeated	 all Phantom Thieves' Electric damage increases.
735626	Rakshasa	A Hindu demon. He is an enemy of the gods and attacks humans to feed off of them. His hideous appearance strikes fear into those who see him. Rakshasa shape-shifts to deceive his enemies.	After being defeated	 all Phantom Thieves' Wind damage increases.
735627	Rakshasa	A Hindu demon. He is an enemy of the gods and attacks humans to feed off of them. His hideous appearance strikes fear into those who see him. Rakshasa shape-shifts to deceive his enemies.	After being defeated	 all Phantom Thieves' Psychokinesis damage increases.
735628	Rakshasa	A Hindu demon. He is an enemy of the gods and attacks humans to feed off of them. His hideous appearance strikes fear into those who see him. Rakshasa shape-shifts to deceive his enemies.	After being defeated	 all Phantom Thieves' Nuclear damage increases.
735629	Rakshasa	A Hindu demon. He is an enemy of the gods and attacks humans to feed off of them. His hideous appearance strikes fear into those who see him. Rakshasa shape-shifts to deceive his enemies.	After being defeated	 all Phantom Thieves' Bless damage increases.
735630	Rakshasa	A Hindu demon. He is an enemy of the gods and attacks humans to feed off of them. His hideous appearance strikes fear into those who see him. Rakshasa shape-shifts to deceive his enemies.	After being defeated	 all Phantom Thieves' Curse damage increases.
735631	Rakshasa	A Hindu demon. He is an enemy of the gods and attacks humans to feed off of them. His hideous appearance strikes fear into those who see him. Rakshasa shape-shifts to deceive his enemies.	After being defeated	 all Phantom Thieves' Almighty damage increases.
736111	Yatsufusa	Seven days after its birth	 a wolf killed its mother. Yoshizane Satomi later promised his daughter's hand if it could defeat the enemy	 but after Yatsufusa's success	 Yoshizane's retainer shot it dead.	1. Yatsufusa will activate the Eight Beads of Virtue: All affinities change to Resist	 damage increases	 and damage taken decreases. It also summons the Four Elemental Souls. When an Elemental Soul is defeated	 Yatsufusa is inflicted with the corresponding elemental ailment for 2 turns.
2. When Yatsufusa is in the Eight Beads of Justice state and is inflicted with all 4 types of elemental ailments	 the Eight Beads of Justice state is canceled and its Defense decreases.
3. When Yatsufusa is Weakened	 all Elemental Souls vanish	 and the Eight Beads of Justice state is canceled.
736112	Yatsufusa	Seven days after its birth	 a wolf killed its mother. Yoshizane Satomi later promised his daughter's hand if it could defeat the enemy	 but after Yatsufusa's success	 Yoshizane's retainer shot it dead.	1. Yatsufusa will activate the Eight Beads of Virtue: All affinities change to Resist	 damage increases	 and damage taken decreases. It also summons the Four Elemental Souls. When an Elemental Soul is defeated	 Yatsufusa is inflicted with the corresponding elemental ailment for 2 turns.
2. When Yatsufusa is in the Eight Beads of Justice state and is inflicted with all 4 types of elemental ailments	 the Eight Beads of Justice state is canceled and its Defense decreases.
3. When Yatsufusa is Weakened	 all Elemental Souls vanish	 and the Eight Beads of Justice state is canceled.
736121	Electric Soul	-	When the Electric Spirit is defeated	 Yatsufusa becomes Shocked.
736122	Ice Soul	-	When the Ice Spirit is defeated	 Yatsufusa becomes Frozen.
736123	Wind Soul	-	When the Wind Spirit is defeated	 Yatsufusa becomes Windswept.
736124	Flame Soul	-	When the Fire Spirit is defeated	 inflict Burn on Yatsufusa.
736611	Yatsufusa	Seven days after its birth	 a wolf killed its mother. Yoshizane Satomi later promised his daughter's hand if it could defeat the enemy	 but after Yatsufusa's success	 Yoshizane's retainer shot it dead.	1. Yatsufusa will activate the Eight Beads of Virtue: All affinities change to Resist	 damage increases	 and damage taken decreases. It also summons the Four Elemental Souls. When an Elemental Soul is defeated	 Yatsufusa is inflicted with the corresponding elemental ailment for 2 turns.
2. When Yatsufusa is in the Eight Beads of Justice state and is inflicted with all 4 types of elemental ailments	 the Eight Beads of Justice state is canceled and its Defense decreases.
736621	Electric Soul	-	When the Electric Spirit is defeated	 Yatsufusa becomes Shocked.
736622	Ice Soul	-	When the Ice Spirit is defeated	 Yatsufusa becomes Frozen.
736623	Wind Soul	-	When the Wind Spirit is defeated	 Yatsufusa becomes Windswept.
736624	Flame Soul	-	When the Fire Spirit is defeated	 inflict Burn on Yatsufusa.
737111	Mara	A Buddhist demon that represents the fear of death. Also known as "The Evil One	 he sent his daughters to tempt Buddha during his meditations.,1. At the start of battle, Mara summons 4 Decarabias.
2. Mara maintains 4 Decarabias on the field.
737112,Mara,A Buddhist demon that represents the fear of death. Also known as The Evil One	 he sent his daughters to tempt Buddha during his meditations.,1. At the start of battle, Mara summons 4 Decarabias.
2. Mara maintains 4 Decarabias on the field.
737121,Decarabia,One of the 72 demons of the Goetia, this demon appears as a pentacle. Keeper of jewels and herbal lore, Decarabia is said to have the ability to shape-shift at will.,1. When Decarabia is defeated, Mara will lose a certain amount of HP.
2. When in a weakened state, the damage inflicted on Decarabia will be added to your score.
737122,Decarabia,One of the 72 demons of the Goetia, this demon appears as a pentacle. Keeper of jewels and herbal lore, Decarabia is said to have the ability to shape-shift at will.,1. When Decarabia is defeated, Mara will lose a certain amount of HP.
2. When in a weakened state, the damage inflicted on Decarabia will be added to your score.
737123,Decarabia,One of the 72 demons of the Goetia, this demon appears as a pentacle. Keeper of jewels and herbal lore, Decarabia is said to have the ability to shape-shift at will.,1. When Decarabia is defeated, Mara will lose a certain amount of HP.
2. When in a weakened state, the damage inflicted on Decarabia will be added to your score.
737124,Decarabia,One of the 72 demons of the Goetia, this demon appears as a pentacle. Keeper of jewels and herbal lore, Decarabia is said to have the ability to shape-shift at will.,1. When Decarabia is defeated, Mara will lose a certain amount of HP.
2. When in a weakened state, the damage inflicted on Decarabia will be added to your score.
737126,Decarabia,One of the 72 demons of the Goetia, this demon appears as a pentacle. Keeper of jewels and herbal lore, Decarabia is said to have the ability to shape-shift at will.,1. When Decarabia is defeated, Mara will lose a certain amount of HP.
2. When in a weakened state, the damage inflicted on Decarabia will be added to your score.
737611,Mara,A Buddhist demon that represents the fear of death. Also known as The Evil One	 he sent his daughters to tempt Buddha during his meditations.,AAAAAA==
737621,Decarabia,One of the 72 demons of the Goetia, this demon appears as a pentacle. Keeper of jewels and herbal lore, Decarabia is said to have the ability to shape-shift at will.,AAAAAA==
737622,Decarabia,One of the 72 demons of the Goetia, this demon appears as a pentacle. Keeper of jewels and herbal lore, Decarabia is said to have the ability to shape-shift at will.,AAAAAA==
737623,Decarabia,One of the 72 demons of the Goetia, this demon appears as a pentacle. Keeper of jewels and herbal lore, Decarabia is said to have the ability to shape-shift at will.,AAAAAA==
737624,Decarabia,One of the 72 demons of the Goetia, this demon appears as a pentacle. Keeper of jewels and herbal lore, Decarabia is said to have the ability to shape-shift at will.,AAAAAA==
738111,Nidhoggr,An evil dragon that gnaws on the roots of Yggdrasil, the World Tree. It rules over the evil snakes that live there. Capable of surviving Ragnarok by feeding on the slain corpses that drift to it.,1. Nidhoggr and the Vipers are in the <color=#72C5FF>Soul Link</color> state.
Soul Link: Distributes all damage received between all Shadows who share this condition, based on the percentage of their current HP.
2. When Nidhoggr and Vipers use skills, all skill targets are inflicted with 1 <color=#72C5FF>Toxin</color> stack.
Toxin: Cannot be dispelled. At the end of a turn, Phantom Thieves lose a certain about of HP for each stack, but also increase their Attack by 10%. Stacks up to 3 times.
738112,Nidhoggr,An evil dragon that gnaws on the roots of Yggdrasil, the World Tree. It rules over the evil snakes that live there. Capable of surviving Ragnarok by feeding on the slain corpses that drift to it.,1. Nidhoggr and the Vipers are in the <color=#72C5FF>Soul Link</color> state.
Soul Link: Distributes all damage received between all Shadows who share this condition, based on the percentage of their current HP.
2. When Nidhoggr and Vipers use skills, all skill targets are inflicted with 1 <color=#72C5FF>Toxin</color> stack.
Toxin: Cannot be dispelled. At the end of a turn, Phantom Thieves lose a certain about of HP for each stack, but also increase their Attack by 10%. Stacks up to 3 times.
738121,Blazing Viper,-,1. Nidhoggr and the Vipers are in the <color=#72C5FF>Soul Link</color> state.
Soul Link: Distributes all damage received between all Shadows who share this condition, based on the percentage of their current HP.
2. When Nidhoggr and Vipers use skills, all skill targets are inflicted with 1 <color=#72C5FF>Toxin</color> stack.
Toxin: Cannot be dispelled. At the end of a turn, Phantom Thieves lose a certain about of HP for each stack, but also increase their Attack by 10%. Stacks up to 3 times.
3. When Weakened, damage dealt to Vipers is added to your score.
738122,Glacial Viper,-,1. Nidhoggr and the Vipers are in the <color=#72C5FF>Soul Link</color> state.
Soul Link: Distributes all damage received between all Shadows who share this condition, based on the percentage of their current HP.
2. When Nidhoggr and Vipers use skills, all skill targets are inflicted with 1 <color=#72C5FF>Toxin</color> stack.
Toxin: Cannot be dispelled. At the end of a turn, Phantom Thieves lose a certain about of HP for each stack, but also increase their Attack by 10%. Stacks up to 3 times.
3. When Weakened, damage dealt to Vipers is added to your score.
738123,Thundering Viper,-,1. Nidhoggr and the Vipers are in the <color=#72C5FF>Soul Link</color> state.
Soul Link: Distributes all damage received between all Shadows who share this condition, based on the percentage of their current HP.
2. When Nidhoggr and Vipers use skills, all skill targets are inflicted with 1 <color=#72C5FF>Toxin</color> stack.
Toxin: Cannot be dispelled. At the end of a turn, Phantom Thieves lose a certain about of HP for each stack, but also increase their Attack by 10%. Stacks up to 3 times.
3. When Weakened, damage dealt to Vipers is added to your score.
738124,Whirling Viper,-,1. Nidhoggr and the Vipers are in the <color=#72C5FF>Soul Link</color> state.
Soul Link: Distributes all damage received between all Shadows who share this condition, based on the percentage of their current HP.
2. When Nidhoggr and Vipers use skills, all skill targets are inflicted with 1 <color=#72C5FF>Toxin</color> stack.
Toxin: Cannot be dispelled. At the end of a turn, Phantom Thieves lose a certain about of HP for each stack, but also increase their Attack by 10%. Stacks up to 3 times.
3. When Weakened, damage dealt to Vipers is added to your score.
738126,Weakened Viper,-,1. Nidhoggr and the Vipers are in the <color=#72C5FF>Soul Link</color> state.
Soul Link: Distributes all damage received between all Shadows who share this condition, based on the percentage of their current HP.
2. When Nidhoggr and Vipers use skills, all skill targets are inflicted with 1 <color=#72C5FF>Toxin</color> stack.
Toxin: Cannot be dispelled. At the end of a turn, Phantom Thieves lose a certain about of HP for each stack, but also increase their Attack by 10%. Stacks up to 3 times.
3. When Weakened, damage dealt to Vipers is added to your score.
738611,Nidhoggr,An evil dragon that gnaws on the roots of Yggdrasil, the World Tree. It rules over the evil snakes that live there. Capable of surviving Ragnarok by feeding on the slain corpses that drift to it.,1. Nidhoggr and the Vipers are in the <color=#72C5FF>Soul Link</color> state.
Soul Link: Distributes all damage received between all Shadows who share this condition, based on the percentage of their current HP.
2. When Nidhoggr and Vipers use skills, all skill targets are inflicted with 1 <color=#72C5FF>Toxin</color> stack.
Toxin: Cannot be dispelled. At the end of a turn, Phantom Thieves lose a certain about of HP for each stack, but also increase their Attack by 10%. Stacks up to 3 times.
738621,Blazing Viper,-,1. Nidhoggr and the Vipers are in the <color=#72C5FF>Soul Link</color> state.
Soul Link: Distributes all damage received between all Shadows who share this condition, based on the percentage of their current HP.
2. When Nidhoggr and Vipers use skills, all skill targets are inflicted with 1 <color=#72C5FF>Toxin</color> stack.
Toxin: Cannot be dispelled. At the end of a turn, Phantom Thieves lose a certain about of HP for each stack, but also increase their Attack by 10%. Stacks up to 3 times.
738622,Glacial Viper,-,1. Nidhoggr and the Vipers are in the <color=#72C5FF>Soul Link</color> state.
Soul Link: Distributes all damage received between all Shadows who share this condition, based on the percentage of their current HP.
2. When Nidhoggr and Vipers use skills, all skill targets are inflicted with 1 <color=#72C5FF>Toxin</color> stack.
Toxin: Cannot be dispelled. At the end of a turn, Phantom Thieves lose a certain about of HP for each stack, but also increase their Attack by 10%. Stacks up to 3 times.
738623,Thundering Viper,-,1. Nidhoggr and the Vipers are in the <color=#72C5FF>Soul Link</color> state.
Soul Link: Distributes all damage received between all Shadows who share this condition, based on the percentage of their current HP.
2. When Nidhoggr and Vipers use skills, all skill targets are inflicted with 1 <color=#72C5FF>Toxin</color> stack.
Toxin: Cannot be dispelled. At the end of a turn, Phantom Thieves lose a certain about of HP for each stack, but also increase their Attack by 10%. Stacks up to 3 times.
738624,Whirling Viper,-,1. Nidhoggr and the Vipers are in the <color=#72C5FF>Soul Link</color> state.
Soul Link: Distributes all damage received between all Shadows who share this condition, based on the percentage of their current HP.
2. When Nidhoggr and Vipers use skills, all skill targets are inflicted with 1 <color=#72C5FF>Toxin</color> stack.
Toxin: Cannot be dispelled. At the end of a turn, Phantom Thieves lose a certain about of HP for each stack, but also increase their Attack by 10%. Stacks up to 3 times.
739111,Baal,The chief Semitic god who governs over fertility. He is the god of Canaan and brother and consort to the goddess Anat, who saved him from Mot.,1. When Baal takes skill damage or receives a debuff, it gains 1 <color=#72C5FF>Decline</color> stack.
Decline: Decreases Defense for 3 turns. Stacks up to 15 times.
2. Baal will start preparing, and on the next turn, uses Divine Spear of Baal, dealing heavy damage to 1 target. If Decline reaches 10 stacks while preparing, the preparation is canceled and the attack changes to Cleave. Baal's single-target attacks will prioritize Assassin or Sweeper Phantom Thieves.
739112,Baal,The chief Semitic god who governs over fertility. He is the god of Canaan and brother and consort to the goddess Anat, who saved him from Mot.,1. When Baal takes skill damage or receives a debuff, it gains 1 <color=#72C5FF>Decline</color> stack.
Decline: Decreases Defense for 3 turns. Stacks up to 15 times.
2. Baal will start preparing, and on the next turn, uses Divine Spear of Baal, dealing heavy damage to 1 target. If Decline reaches 10 stacks while preparing, the preparation is canceled and the attack changes to Cleave. Baal's single-target attacks will prioritize Assassin or Sweeper Phantom Thieves.
739611,Baal,The chief Semitic god who governs over fertility. He is the god of Canaan and brother and consort to the goddess Anat, who saved him from Mot.,1. When Baal takes skill damage or receives a debuff, it gains 1 <color=#72C5FF>Decline</color> stack.
Decline: Decreases Defense for 3 turns. Stacks up to 15 times.
2. Baal will start preparing, and on the next turn, uses Divine Spear of Baal, dealing heavy damage to 1 target. If Decline reaches 10 stacks while preparing, the preparation is canceled and the attack changes to Cleave. Baal's single-target attacks will prioritize Assassin or Sweeper Phantom Thieves.
740111,Kartikeya,A Hindu god of war, known as Skanda or Murugan. He ridesatop a peacock called Paravani,with bow and arrow drawn. He commands the army of the gods and defeated the forces of Asura.,1. Kartikeya leads its army of birds to attack all at once.
2. When Garuda and Jatayu take damage from a Phantom Thief, that Thief's damage increases by 4% for 3 turns. Stacks up to 5 times. When Horus and Yatagarasu take damage from a Phantom Thief, that Thief's pierce rate increases by 2% for 3 turns. Stacks up to 5 times.
740112,Kartikeya,A Hindu god of war, known as Skanda or Murugan. He ridesatop a peacock called Paravani,with bow and arrow drawn. He commands the army of the gods and defeated the forces of Asura.,1. Kartikeya leads its army of birds to attack all at once.
2. When Garuda and Jatayu take damage from a Phantom Thief, that Thief's damage increases by 4% for 3 turns. Stacks up to 5 times. When Horus and Yatagarasu take damage from a Phantom Thief, that Thief's pierce rate increases by 2% for 3 turns. Stacks up to 5 times.
740121,Garuda,A divine bird-man in Hindu lore, he once fought the gods and received immortality in exchange for becoming Vishnu's carrier.,When Garuda and Jatayu take damage from a Phantom Thief, that Thief's damage increases by 4% for 3 turns. Stacks up to 5 times.
740122,Jatayu,The Hindu king of birds. In the Ramayana, he fought bravely against Ravana in an attempt to save Sita, Rama's wife and the seventh avatar of Vishnu, but lost.,When Garuda and Jatayu take damage from a Phantom Thief, that Thief's damage increases by 4% for 3 turns. Stacks up to 5 times.
740123,Horus,An ancient god of Egypt whose eyes are the sun and moon. Revered by some as the chief god, he is often depicted as a hawk or a falcon.,When Horus and Yatagarasu take damage from a Phantom Thief, that Thief's damage increases by 2% for 3 turns. Stacks up to 5 times.
740124,Yatagarasu,A divine creature in Japanese lore. They are three-legged birds sent by Amaterasu to help humans. They are said to have helped Emperor Jinmu claim victory.,When Horus and Yatagarasu take damage from a Phantom Thief, that Thief's damage increases by 2% for 3 turns. Stacks up to 5 times.
740131,Garuda,A divine bird-man in Hindu lore, he once fought the gods and received immortality in exchange for becoming Vishnu's carrier.,When Garuda and Jatayu take damage from a Phantom Thief, that Thief's damage increases by 4% for 3 turns. Stacks up to 5 times.
740132,Jatayu,The Hindu king of birds. In the Ramayana, he fought bravely against Ravana in an attempt to save Sita, Rama's wife and the seventh avatar of Vishnu, but lost.,When Garuda and Jatayu take damage from a Phantom Thief, that Thief's damage increases by 4% for 3 turns. Stacks up to 5 times.
740133,Horus,An ancient god of Egypt whose eyes are the sun and moon. Revered by some as the chief god, he is often depicted as a hawk or a falcon.,When Horus and Yatagarasu take damage from a Phantom Thief, that Thief's damage increases by 2% for 3 turns. Stacks up to 5 times.
740134,Yatagarasu,A divine creature in Japanese lore. They are three-legged birds sent by Amaterasu to help humans. They are said to have helped Emperor Jinmu claim victory.,When Horus and Yatagarasu take damage from a Phantom Thief, that Thief's damage increases by 2% for 3 turns. Stacks up to 5 times.
740611,Kartikeya,A Hindu god of war, known as Skanda or Murugan. He ridesatop a peacock called Paravani,with bow and arrow drawn. He commands the army of the gods and defeated the forces of Asura.,1. Kartikeya leads its army of birds to attack all at once.
2. When Garuda and Jatayu take damage from a Phantom Thief, that Thief's damage increases by 4% for 3 turns. Stacks up to 5 times. When Horus and Yatagarasu take damage from a Phantom Thief, that Thief's pierce rate increases by 2% for 3 turns. Stacks up to 5 times.
740621,Garuda,A divine bird-man in Hindu lore, he once fought the gods and received immortality in exchange for becoming Vishnu's carrier.,When Garuda and Jatayu take damage from a Phantom Thief, that Thief's damage increases by 4% for 3 turns. Stacks up to 5 times.
740622,Jatayu,The Hindu king of birds. In the Ramayana, he fought bravely against Ravana in an attempt to save Sita, Rama's wife and the seventh avatar of Vishnu, but lost.,When Garuda and Jatayu take damage from a Phantom Thief, that Thief's damage increases by 4% for 3 turns. Stacks up to 5 times.
740623,Horus,An ancient god of Egypt whose eyes are the sun and moon. Revered by some as the chief god, he is often depicted as a hawk or a falcon.,When Horus and Yatagarasu take damage from a Phantom Thief, that Thief's damage increases by 2% for 3 turns. Stacks up to 5 times.
740624,Yatagarasu,A divine creature in Japanese lore. They are three-legged birds sent by Amaterasu to help humans. They are said to have helped Emperor Jinmu claim victory.,When Horus and Yatagarasu take damage from a Phantom Thief, that Thief's damage increases by 2% for 3 turns. Stacks up to 5 times.
741111,Oumitsunu,No Details,When Oumitsunu takes damage from a skill, Highlight, or Resonance, the damage of the corresponding attribute increases by 6% for 3 turns. Stacks up to 8 times.
741112,Oumitsunu,No Details,When Oumitsunu takes damage from a skill, Highlight, or Resonance, the damage of the corresponding attribute increases by 6% for 3 turns. Stacks up to 8 times.
741611,Oumitsunu,No Details,When Oumitsunu takes damage from a skill, Highlight, or Resonance, the damage of the corresponding attribute increases by 6% for 3 turns. Stacks up to 8 times.
800001,Archangel,Eighth of the nine orders of angels. Their duty is to minister to humans and deliver messages. They are warriors of Heaven and lead Heaven's forces during battle with the armies of evil.,AAAAAA==
800002,Angel,Ninth of the nineorders of angels.They are closest in nature to humans.They watch over individuals and warn those who stray from the path.,AAAAAA==
800003,Angel,Ninth of the nineorders of angels.They are closest in nature to humans.They watch over individuals and warn those who stray from the path.,AAAAAA==
800011,Oni,An evil monster from Japanese lore known for its hideous visage and brute strength. They loot and plunder villages, massacring the townspeople with their iron clubs. They have horns on their heads, red skin, long claws, and razor-sharp teeth.,AAAAAA==
800012,Jack-o'-Lantern,A drunkard who tricked the Devil out of taking him to Hell. When refused entry to Heaven, he was forced to wander the earth with only an ember as a light.,AAAAAA==
800013,Jack-o'-Lantern,A drunkard who tricked the Devil out of taking him to Hell. When refused entry to Heaven, he was forced to wander the earth with only an ember as a light.,AAAAAA==
800021,Archangel,Eighth of the nine orders of angels. Their duty is to minister to humans and deliver messages. They are warriors of Heaven and lead Heaven's forces during battle with the armies of evil.,AAAAAA==
800022,Archangel,Eighth of the nine orders of angels. Their duty is to minister to humans and deliver messages. They are warriors of Heaven and lead Heaven's forces during battle with the armies of evil.,AAAAAA==
800031,Bicorn,An evil creature with two curving horns from European folklore. It represents impurity, unlike the Unicorn. Said to be derived from Re'em in the Bible. Another legend says that it feeds off of loyal husbands.,AAAAAA==
800032,Bicorn,An evil creature with two curving horns from European folklore. It represents impurity, unlike the Unicorn. Said to be derived from Re'em in the Bible. Another legend says that it feeds off of loyal husbands.,AAAAAA==
800111,Isis,Osiris's wife as well as his younger sister. Upon the death of her husband, she revived him with her incredible magic power. Isis is seen at many gravesites as the guardian goddess of the dead.,AAAAAA==
800112,Succubus,A female demon of European lore in medieval times. They visit sleeping men and have sexual intercourse with them. The victims don't wake up but may dream of the encounter.,AAAAAA==
800113,Succubus,A female demon of European lore in medieval times. They visit sleeping men and have sexual intercourse with them. The victims don't wake up but may dream of the encounter.,AAAAAA==
800121,Lamia,A half-human, half-snake female monster of Greek myth, she was once the queen of Libya. Zeus's jealous wife, Hera, killed her children, causing her to go mad and transform into a monster.,AAAAAA==
800122,Leanan Sidhe,A beautiful fairy of Irish lore that yearns for the love of a human man. She drains the life of her lovers in return for granting them artistic inspiration.,AAAAAA==
800123,Leanan Sidhe,A beautiful fairy of Irish lore that yearns for the love of a human man. She drains the life of her lovers in return for granting them artistic inspiration.,AAAAAA==
800131,Bicorn,An evil creature with two curving horns from European folklore. It represents impurity, unlike the Unicorn. Said to be derived from Re'em in the Bible. Another legend says that it feeds off of loyal husbands.,AAAAAA==
800132,Bicorn,An evil creature with two curving horns from European folklore. It represents impurity, unlike the Unicorn. Said to be derived from Re'em in the Bible. Another legend says that it feeds off of loyal husbands.,AAAAAA==
800211,Orthrus,The two-headed pet dog belonging to the giant Geryon of Greek myth. He guarded a herd of red oxen but was killed by Hercules during one of his twelve labors.,AAAAAA==
800212,Hua Po,A spirit of Chinese folklore who dwells in trees once used for hangings. She is smaller than a human and cannot speak, but her voice is said to be as clear and as beautiful as a bird's song.,AAAAAA==
800213,Hua Po,A spirit of Chinese folklore who dwells in trees once used for hangings. She is smaller than a human and cannot speak, but her voice is said to be as clear and as beautiful as a bird's song.,AAAAAA==
800221,Lilim,A demon who tempts sleeping men and attacks infants. She is the daughter of the demoness, Lilith. Like her mother, she drains men of their essence.,AAAAAA==
800222,Mandrake,A magical plant whose roots look like a human. They are valued for their healing properties in potions, but the screams they let out when pulled from the ground will kill anyone who hears them.,AAAAAA==
800223,Mandrake,A magical plant whose roots look like a human. They are valued for their healing properties in potions, but the screams they let out when pulled from the ground will kill anyone who hears them.,AAAAAA==
800231,Jack Frost,A winter fairy of European descent. He leaves ice patterns on windows and nips people's noses. Though normally an innocent creature, he will freeze his victims to death if provoked.,AAAAAA==
800232,Silky,A fairy of England and Scotland. She carries out household chores while everyone sleeps and is a welcome spirit. It is said you can hear her silk skirt rustle as she works.,AAAAAA==
800233,Silky,A fairy of England and Scotland. She carries out household chores while everyone sleeps and is a welcome spirit. It is said you can hear her silk skirt rustle as she works.,AAAAAA==
800311,Unicorn,A legendary white horse with a single spiral horn. It can only be tamed by a pure maiden, and its horn supposedly has miraculous healing capabilities.,AAAAAA==
800312,Orobas,One of the 72 demons of the Goetia. Known as the Prince of Hell, he appears as a horse and answers questions of the past, present, and future. He is faithful to his conjurer.,AAAAAA==
800313,Orobas,One of the 72 demons of the Goetia. Known as the Prince of Hell, he appears as a horse and answers questions of the past, present, and future. He is faithful to his conjurer.,AAAAAA==
800321,Sarasvati,The Hindu goddess of rivers, and patron of speech, writing, learning, the arts, and sciences. Brahma is her husband.,AAAAAA==
800322,Sudama,A spirit of rivers and mountains in Japanese lore, it dwells in ancient trees and ageless rocks. They are not evil, and will often appear as humans or supernatural wonders to warn people.,AAAAAA==
800323,Sudama,A spirit of rivers and mountains in Japanese lore, it dwells in ancient trees and ageless rocks. They are not evil, and will often appear as humans or supernatural wonders to warn people.,AAAAAA==
800331,Ippon-Datara,A one-eyed, one-legged monster said to live deep in the mountains of Kumano, Japan. It's believed to be the degraded blacksmith god, Ame no Me-Hitotsu no Kami.,AAAAAA==
800332,Obariyon,A piggyback monster" of Japan that jumps on the backs of those who pass grassy paths. It is heavy and not easily removed	 but will turn into gold coins if you can carry it back home.	AAAAAA==
800333	Obariyon	A "piggyback monster" of Japan that jumps on the backs of those who pass grassy paths. It is heavy and not easily removed	 but will turn into gold coins if you can carry it back home.	AAAAAA==
800411	Jatayu	The Hindu king of birds. In the Ramayana	 he fought bravely against Ravana in an attempt to save Sita	 Rama's wife and the seventh avatar of Vishnu	 but lost.	AAAAAA==
800412	Mokoi	Evil spirits of Murngin lore believed to be reborn shadows. They kidnap and eat children	 and strike down any sorcerer who uses black magic.	AAAAAA==
800413	Mokoi	Evil spirits of Murngin lore believed to be reborn shadows. They kidnap and eat children	 and strike down any sorcerer who uses black magic.	AAAAAA==
800421	Suzaku	One of the Ssu-Ling	 celestial creatures of Chinese myth. It is a giant bird that is said to chirp in five beautiful voices. It represents the direction south	 the season of summer	 and the element of fire.	AAAAAA==
800422	Pixie	Friendly fairies of the forest that tend to hide from humans. They like to play tricks on lazy people. It is said they are the souls of dead	 unbaptized children.	AAAAAA==
800423	Pixie	Friendly fairies of the forest that tend to hide from humans. They like to play tricks on lazy people. It is said they are the souls of dead	 unbaptized children.	AAAAAA==
800431	Koppa Tengu	A type of tengu. Their spiritual power is weaker than other tengu	 so they are much smaller. They are said to be the reincarnations of long-lived wolves.	AAAAAA==
800432	Incubus	A male demon of European lore in medieval times. They visit sleeping women and have sexual intercourse with them. The resulting children become witches or wizards.	AAAAAA==
800433	Incubus	A male demon of European lore in medieval times. They visit sleeping women and have sexual intercourse with them. The resulting children become witches or wizards.	AAAAAA==
800511	Ippon-Datara	A one-eyed	 one-legged monster said to live deep in the mountains of Kumano	 Japan. It's believed to be the degraded blacksmith god	 Ame no Me-Hitotsu no Kami.	AAAAAA==
800512	Obariyon	A "piggyback monster" of Japan that jumps on the backs of those who pass grassy paths. It is heavy and not easily removed	 but will turn into gold coins if you can carry it back home.	AAAAAA==
800513	Obariyon	A "piggyback monster" of Japan that jumps on the backs of those who pass grassy paths. It is heavy and not easily removed	 but will turn into gold coins if you can carry it back home.	AAAAAA==
800521	Koppa Tengu	A type of tengu. Their spiritual power is weaker than other tengu	 so they are much smaller. They are said to be the reincarnations of long-lived wolves.	AAAAAA==
800522	Orobas	One of the 72 demons of the Goetia. Known as the Prince of Hell	 he appears as a horse and answers questions of the past	 present	 and future. He is faithful to his conjurer.	AAAAAA==
800523	Orobas	One of the 72 demons of the Goetia. Known as the Prince of Hell	 he appears as a horse and answers questions of the past	 present	 and future. He is faithful to his conjurer.	AAAAAA==
800531	Jatayu	The Hindu king of birds. In the Ramayana	 he fought bravely against Ravana in an attempt to save Sita	 Rama's wife and the seventh avatar of Vishnu	 but lost.	AAAAAA==
800532	Sudama	A spirit of rivers and mountains in Japanese lore	 it dwells in ancient trees and ageless rocks. They are not evil	 and will often appear as humans or supernatural wonders to warn people.	AAAAAA==
800533	Sudama	A spirit of rivers and mountains in Japanese lore	 it dwells in ancient trees and ageless rocks. They are not evil	 and will often appear as humans or supernatural wonders to warn people.	AAAAAA==
800611	Cu Chulainn	A hero in Celtic folklore. He was called Setanta until he earned the name	 "Culann's Hound." There are many tales of his adventures. He received his spear	 Gae Bolg	 from his mentor	 Scathach.	AAAAAA==
800612	Clotho	The youngest of the three Moirae Sisters of Greek legend. She spins the threads of life with her spindle.	AAAAAA==
800613	Clotho	The youngest of the three Moirae Sisters of Greek legend. She spins the threads of life with her spindle.	AAAAAA==
800621	Nue	A creature of Japanese lore with a monkey's head	 tiger's legs	 and snake's tail. The Tale of Heike says it hid behind a dark cloud each night to attack the Emperor.	AAAAAA==
800622	Neko Shogun	A prophetic Taoist god	 originally known as Mao Shogun. Due to a linguistic error involving the Chinese word for "cat	 his name was changed to Neko Shogun.,AAAAAA==
800623,Neko Shogun,A prophetic Taoist god, originally known as Mao Shogun. Due to a linguistic error involving the Chinese word for cat	 his name was changed to Neko Shogun.,AAAAAA==
800631,Anubis,The jackal-headed god of the dead and embalming from Egyptian myth. He weighs the hearts of the dead to determine their final destination.,AAAAAA==
800632,Parvati,A beautiful Hindu goddess of love and one of Shiva's wives. Always by his side, she played a role in opening his third eye. She can turn into Durga or Kali when angered.,AAAAAA==
800633,Parvati,A beautiful Hindu goddess of love and one of Shiva's wives. Always by his side, she played a role in opening his third eye. She can turn into Durga or Kali when angered.,AAAAAA==
800711,Titania,The queen of the fairies and Oberon's wife. She is derived from the Roman goddess Diana. She was later immortalized in Shakespeare's play A Midsummer Night's Dream."	AAAAAA==
800712	Inugami	A dog spirit said to possess people in Japanese lore. Those possessed are in a state of "inu-tsuki" and lose consciousness. Onmyoji use Inugami as familiars.	AAAAAA==
800713	Inugami	A dog spirit said to possess people in Japanese lore. Those possessed are in a state of "inu-tsuki" and lose consciousness. Onmyoji use Inugami as familiars.	AAAAAA==
800721	Oberon	The king of the fairies and Titania's husband. He is quite old but	 due to a curse	 his looks are that of a young boy. He often flirts with human women	 which sometimes earns him a scolding from his wife.	AAAAAA==
800722	Rangda	A wicked witch of Balinese lore	 she represents evil and is Barong's eternal rival. Even if defeated	 she will come back to life	 and their battle will have no end.	AAAAAA==
800723	Rangda	A wicked witch of Balinese lore	 she represents evil and is Barong's eternal rival. Even if defeated	 she will come back to life	 and their battle will have no end.	AAAAAA==
800731	King Frost	The king of snow who rules over an infinite number of Jack Frosts. He has the power to freeze the entire world	 but is unaware of it due to his naïve personality.	AAAAAA==
800732	Okuninushi	A Kunitsu deity in Japanese mythology that governs agriculture and medicine. He's said to have built the country of Izumo with Susano-o's daughter	 Suseri-Hime.	AAAAAA==
800733	Okuninushi	A Kunitsu deity in Japanese mythology that governs agriculture and medicine. He's said to have built the country of Izumo with Susano-o's daughter	 Suseri-Hime.	AAAAAA==
800811	Pazuzu	The Babylonian lord of wind and scorching sands. He has the body of a man	 a lion's head	 the claws and wings of an eagle	 and has a deadly poison. The diseases he spreads can only be cured with magic.	AAAAAA==
800812	Kurama Tengu	A type of tengu said to have lived on Mt. Kurama in Kyoto. The most powerful and well-known of the tengu	 they have the power to fend off disease and bring good fortune.	AAAAAA==
800813	Kurama Tengu	A type of tengu said to have lived on Mt. Kurama in Kyoto. The most powerful and well-known of the tengu	 they have the power to fend off disease and bring good fortune.	AAAAAA==
800821	Lakshmi	The Hindu goddess of beauty and good fortune	 Vishnu's wife	 and Kama's mother. She is the goddess of love	 believed to have been born from an ocean of milk.	AAAAAA==
800822	Byakko	One of the Ssu-Ling	 celestial creatures of Chinese myth. It represents the direction west	 the season of autumn	 and the element of metal. He is believed to be the king of all beasts.	AAAAAA==
800823	Byakko	One of the Ssu-Ling	 celestial creatures of Chinese myth. It represents the direction west	 the season of autumn	 and the element of metal. He is believed to be the king of all beasts.	AAAAAA==
800831	Horus	An ancient god of Egypt whose eyes are the sun and moon. Revered by some as the chief god	 he is often depicted as a hawk or a falcon.	AAAAAA==
800832	Vishnu	One of the major Hindu gods	 he is the preserver and protector of the universe. Legends claim that he will make ten appearances across time and space to strike down evil and uphold justice.	AAAAAA==
800833	Vishnu	One of the major Hindu gods	 he is the preserver and protector of the universe. Legends claim that he will make ten appearances across time and space to strike down evil and uphold justice.	AAAAAA==
800911	Cu Chulainn	A hero in Celtic folklore. He was called Setanta until he earned the name	 "Culann's Hound." There are many tales of his adventures. He received his spear	 Gae Bolg	 from his mentor	 Scathach.	AAAAAA==
800912	Mada	A giant Hindu monster. Its mouth is so enormous it can swallow the Earth and the heavens in one bite. Its name means "He Who Intoxicates."	AAAAAA==
800913	Mada	A giant Hindu monster. Its mouth is so enormous it can swallow the Earth and the heavens in one bite. Its name means "He Who Intoxicates."	AAAAAA==
800921	Nue	A creature of Japanese lore with a monkey's head	 tiger's legs	 and snake's tail. The Tale of Heike says it hid behind a dark cloud each night to attack the Emperor.	AAAAAA==
800922	Bugs	A Welsh creature commonly known as "Bugbear" or the "Boogeyman." Its existence is often used by mothers to scare children into behaving.	AAAAAA==
800923	Bugs	A Welsh creature commonly known as "Bugbear" or the "Boogeyman." Its existence is often used by mothers to scare children into behaving.	AAAAAA==
800931	Anubis	The jackal-headed god of the dead and embalming from Egyptian myth. He weighs the hearts of the dead to determine their final destination.	AAAAAA==
800932	Anubis	The jackal-headed god of the dead and embalming from Egyptian myth. He weighs the hearts of the dead to determine their final destination.	AAAAAA==
801011	Hua Po	A spirit of Chinese folklore who dwells in trees once used for hangings. She is smaller than a human and cannot speak	 but her voice is said to be as clear and as beautiful as a bird's song.	AAAAAA==
801012	Hua Po	A spirit of Chinese folklore who dwells in trees once used for hangings. She is smaller than a human and cannot speak	 but her voice is said to be as clear and as beautiful as a bird's song.	AAAAAA==
801021	Incubus	A male demon of European lore in medieval times. They visit sleeping women and have sexual intercourse with them. The resulting children become witches or wizards.	AAAAAA==
801022	Incubus	A male demon of European lore in medieval times. They visit sleeping women and have sexual intercourse with them. The resulting children become witches or wizards.	AAAAAA==
801031	Bicorn	An evil creature with two curving horns from European folklore. It represents impurity	 unlike the Unicorn. Said to be derived from Re'em in the Bible. Another legend says that it feeds off of loyal husbands.	AAAAAA==
801032	Pixie	Friendly fairies of the forest that tend to hide from humans. They like to play tricks on lazy people. It is said they are the souls of dead	 unbaptized children.	AAAAAA==
801033	Pixie	Friendly fairies of the forest that tend to hide from humans. They like to play tricks on lazy people. It is said they are the souls of dead	 unbaptized children.	AAAAAA==
801041	Kelpie	A horse-like fairy of Celtic folklore that lives by the water. It drowns those who ride on it	 but is a valuable mount if you can tame it.	AAAAAA==
801042	Pixie	Friendly fairies of the forest that tend to hide from humans. They like to play tricks on lazy people. It is said they are the souls of dead	 unbaptized children.	AAAAAA==
801043	Pixie	Friendly fairies of the forest that tend to hide from humans. They like to play tricks on lazy people. It is said they are the souls of dead	 unbaptized children.	AAAAAA==
801051	Mandrake	A magical plant whose roots look like a human. They are valued for their healing properties in potions	 but the screams they let out when pulled from the ground will kill anyone who hears them.	AAAAAA==
801052	Mandrake	A magical plant whose roots look like a human. They are valued for their healing properties in potions	 but the screams they let out when pulled from the ground will kill anyone who hears them.	AAAAAA==
801061	Bicorn	An evil creature with two curving horns from European folklore. It represents impurity	 unlike the Unicorn. Said to be derived from Re'em in the Bible. Another legend says that it feeds off of loyal husbands.	AAAAAA==
801062	Kelpie	A horse-like fairy of Celtic folklore that lives by the water. It drowns those who ride on it	 but is a valuable mount if you can tame it.	AAAAAA==
801063	Kelpie	A horse-like fairy of Celtic folklore that lives by the water. It drowns those who ride on it	 but is a valuable mount if you can tame it.	AAAAAA==
801071	Silky	A fairy of England and Scotland. She carries out household chores while everyone sleeps and is a welcome spirit. It is said you can hear her silk skirt rustle as she works.	AAAAAA==
801072	Incubus	A male demon of European lore in medieval times. They visit sleeping women and have sexual intercourse with them. The resulting children become witches or wizards.	AAAAAA==
801073	Incubus	A male demon of European lore in medieval times. They visit sleeping women and have sexual intercourse with them. The resulting children become witches or wizards.	AAAAAA==
802011	Bicorn	An evil creature with two curving horns from European folklore. It represents impurity	 unlike the Unicorn. Said to be derived from Re'em in the Bible. Another legend says that it feeds off of loyal husbands.	AAAAAA==
802012	Bicorn	An evil creature with two curving horns from European folklore. It represents impurity	 unlike the Unicorn. Said to be derived from Re'em in the Bible. Another legend says that it feeds off of loyal husbands.	AAAAAA==
802021	Kelpie	A horse-like fairy of Celtic folklore that lives by the water. It drowns those who ride on it	 but is a valuable mount if you can tame it.	AAAAAA==
802022	Kelpie	A horse-like fairy of Celtic folklore that lives by the water. It drowns those who ride on it	 but is a valuable mount if you can tame it.	AAAAAA==
802023	Mandrake	A magical plant whose roots look like a human. They are valued for their healing properties in potions	 but the screams they let out when pulled from the ground will kill anyone who hears them.	AAAAAA==
802024	Mandrake	A magical plant whose roots look like a human. They are valued for their healing properties in potions	 but the screams they let out when pulled from the ground will kill anyone who hears them.	AAAAAA==
802031	Incubus	A male demon of European lore in medieval times. They visit sleeping women and have sexual intercourse with them. The resulting children become witches or wizards.	AAAAAA==
802032	Agathion	A general term for familiars used by Judeo-Christian magicians	 they are usually sealed away in bottles	 rings	 or talismans. They torment the target selected by the conjuror.	AAAAAA==
802033	Agathion	A general term for familiars used by Judeo-Christian magicians	 they are usually sealed away in bottles	 rings	 or talismans. They torment the target selected by the conjuror.	AAAAAA==
802041	Silky	A fairy of England and Scotland. She carries out household chores while everyone sleeps and is a welcome spirit. It is said you can hear her silk skirt rustle as she works.	AAAAAA==
802042	Pixie	Friendly fairies of the forest that tend to hide from humans. They like to play tricks on lazy people. It is said they are the souls of dead	 unbaptized children.	AAAAAA==
802043	Pixie	Friendly fairies of the forest that tend to hide from humans. They like to play tricks on lazy people. It is said they are the souls of dead	 unbaptized children.	AAAAAA==
802051	Pixie	Friendly fairies of the forest that tend to hide from humans. They like to play tricks on lazy people. It is said they are the souls of dead	 unbaptized children.	AAAAAA==
802052	Pixie	Friendly fairies of the forest that tend to hide from humans. They like to play tricks on lazy people. It is said they are the souls of dead	 unbaptized children.	AAAAAA==
802053	Jack-o'-Lantern	A drunkard who tricked the Devil out of taking him to Hell. When refused entry to Heaven	 he was forced to wander the earth with only an ember as a light.	AAAAAA==
802054	Jack-o'-Lantern	A drunkard who tricked the Devil out of taking him to Hell. When refused entry to Heaven	 he was forced to wander the earth with only an ember as a light.	AAAAAA==
802061	Bicorn	An evil creature with two curving horns from European folklore. It represents impurity	 unlike the Unicorn. Said to be derived from Re'em in the Bible. Another legend says that it feeds off of loyal husbands.	AAAAAA==
802062	Bicorn	An evil creature with two curving horns from European folklore. It represents impurity	 unlike the Unicorn. Said to be derived from Re'em in the Bible. Another legend says that it feeds off of loyal husbands.	AAAAAA==
802071	Silky	A fairy of England and Scotland. She carries out household chores while everyone sleeps and is a welcome spirit. It is said you can hear her silk skirt rustle as she works.	AAAAAA==
802072	Incubus	A male demon of European lore in medieval times. They visit sleeping women and have sexual intercourse with them. The resulting children become witches or wizards.	AAAAAA==
802073	Incubus	A male demon of European lore in medieval times. They visit sleeping women and have sexual intercourse with them. The resulting children become witches or wizards.	AAAAAA==
802081	Kelpie	A horse-like fairy of Celtic folklore that lives by the water. It drowns those who ride on it	 but is a valuable mount if you can tame it.	AAAAAA==
802082	Kelpie	A horse-like fairy of Celtic folklore that lives by the water. It drowns those who ride on it	 but is a valuable mount if you can tame it.	AAAAAA==
802083	Mandrake	A magical plant whose roots look like a human. They are valued for their healing properties in potions	 but the screams they let out when pulled from the ground will kill anyone who hears them.	AAAAAA==
802084	Mandrake	A magical plant whose roots look like a human. They are valued for their healing properties in potions	 but the screams they let out when pulled from the ground will kill anyone who hears them.	AAAAAA==
802091	Incubus	A male demon of European lore in medieval times. They visit sleeping women and have sexual intercourse with them. The resulting children become witches or wizards.	AAAAAA==
802092	Agathion	A general term for familiars used by Judeo-Christian magicians	 they are usually sealed away in bottles	 rings	 or talismans. They torment the target selected by the conjuror.	AAAAAA==
802093	Agathion	A general term for familiars used by Judeo-Christian magicians	 they are usually sealed away in bottles	 rings	 or talismans. They torment the target selected by the conjuror.	AAAAAA==
802101	Silky	A fairy of England and Scotland. She carries out household chores while everyone sleeps and is a welcome spirit. It is said you can hear her silk skirt rustle as she works.	AAAAAA==
802102	Kelpie	A horse-like fairy of Celtic folklore that lives by the water. It drowns those who ride on it	 but is a valuable mount if you can tame it.	AAAAAA==
802103	Kelpie	A horse-like fairy of Celtic folklore that lives by the water. It drowns those who ride on it	 but is a valuable mount if you can tame it.	AAAAAA==
802104	Mandrake	A magical plant whose roots look like a human. They are valued for their healing properties in potions	 but the screams they let out when pulled from the ground will kill anyone who hears them.	AAAAAA==
802105	Mandrake	A magical plant whose roots look like a human. They are valued for their healing properties in potions	 but the screams they let out when pulled from the ground will kill anyone who hears them.	AAAAAA==
803011	Apsaras	Hindu water spirits	 they are beautiful young women who dance for the gods. They also guide heroes fallen in battle to paradise.	AAAAAA==
803012	Bicorn	An evil creature with two curving horns from European folklore. It represents impurity	 unlike the Unicorn. Said to be derived from Re'em in the Bible. Another legend says that it feeds off of loyal husbands.	AAAAAA==
803013	Bicorn	An evil creature with two curving horns from European folklore. It represents impurity	 unlike the Unicorn. Said to be derived from Re'em in the Bible. Another legend says that it feeds off of loyal husbands.	AAAAAA==
803021	Succubus	A female demon of European lore in medieval times. They visit sleeping men and have sexual intercourse with them. The victims don't wake up but may dream of the encounter.	AAAAAA==
803022	Succubus	A female demon of European lore in medieval times. They visit sleeping men and have sexual intercourse with them. The victims don't wake up but may dream of the encounter.	AAAAAA==
803031	Succubus	A female demon of European lore in medieval times. They visit sleeping men and have sexual intercourse with them. The victims don't wake up but may dream of the encounter.	AAAAAA==
803032	Incubus	A male demon of European lore in medieval times. They visit sleeping women and have sexual intercourse with them. The resulting children become witches or wizards.	AAAAAA==
803033	Incubus	A male demon of European lore in medieval times. They visit sleeping women and have sexual intercourse with them. The resulting children become witches or wizards.	AAAAAA==
803041	Apsaras	Hindu water spirits	 they are beautiful young women who dance for the gods. They also guide heroes fallen in battle to paradise.	AAAAAA==
803042	Hua Po	A spirit of Chinese folklore who dwells in trees once used for hangings. She is smaller than a human and cannot speak	 but her voice is said to be as clear and as beautiful as a bird's song.	AAAAAA==
803043	Hua Po	A spirit of Chinese folklore who dwells in trees once used for hangings. She is smaller than a human and cannot speak	 but her voice is said to be as clear and as beautiful as a bird's song.	AAAAAA==
803051	Apsaras	Hindu water spirits	 they are beautiful young women who dance for the gods. They also guide heroes fallen in battle to paradise.	AAAAAA==
803052	Apsaras	Hindu water spirits	 they are beautiful young women who dance for the gods. They also guide heroes fallen in battle to paradise.	AAAAAA==
803053	Kelpie	A horse-like fairy of Celtic folklore that lives by the water. It drowns those who ride on it	 but is a valuable mount if you can tame it.	AAAAAA==
803054	Kelpie	A horse-like fairy of Celtic folklore that lives by the water. It drowns those who ride on it	 but is a valuable mount if you can tame it.	AAAAAA==
803061	Succubus	A female demon of European lore in medieval times. They visit sleeping men and have sexual intercourse with them. The victims don't wake up but may dream of the encounter.	AAAAAA==
803062	Succubus	A female demon of European lore in medieval times. They visit sleeping men and have sexual intercourse with them. The victims don't wake up but may dream of the encounter.	AAAAAA==
803063	Hua Po	A spirit of Chinese folklore who dwells in trees once used for hangings. She is smaller than a human and cannot speak	 but her voice is said to be as clear and as beautiful as a bird's song.	AAAAAA==
803064	Hua Po	A spirit of Chinese folklore who dwells in trees once used for hangings. She is smaller than a human and cannot speak	 but her voice is said to be as clear and as beautiful as a bird's song.	AAAAAA==
803071	Jack Frost	A winter fairy of European descent. He leaves ice patterns on windows and nips people's noses. Though normally an innocent creature	 he will freeze his victims to death if provoked.	AAAAAA==
803072	Jack Frost	A winter fairy of European descent. He leaves ice patterns on windows and nips people's noses. Though normally an innocent creature	 he will freeze his victims to death if provoked.	AAAAAA==
803081	Andras	One of the 72 demons of the Goetia. The great Marquis of Hell	 he appears where there is battle to stoke the hatred within soldiers. He helps defeat the enemies of those who summon him.	AAAAAA==
803082	Andras	One of the 72 demons of the Goetia. The great Marquis of Hell	 he appears where there is battle to stoke the hatred within soldiers. He helps defeat the enemies of those who summon him.	AAAAAA==
803091	Berith	One of the 72 demons of the Goetia. Known as the Duke of Hell	 he rides a gigantic horse and burns those without manners.	AAAAAA==
803092	Hua Po	A spirit of Chinese folklore who dwells in trees once used for hangings. She is smaller than a human and cannot speak	 but her voice is said to be as clear and as beautiful as a bird's song.	AAAAAA==
803093	Hua Po	A spirit of Chinese folklore who dwells in trees once used for hangings. She is smaller than a human and cannot speak	 but her voice is said to be as clear and as beautiful as a bird's song.	AAAAAA==
803101	Jack Frost	A winter fairy of European descent. He leaves ice patterns on windows and nips people's noses. Though normally an innocent creature	 he will freeze his victims to death if provoked.	AAAAAA==
803102	Jack Frost	A winter fairy of European descent. He leaves ice patterns on windows and nips people's noses. Though normally an innocent creature	 he will freeze his victims to death if provoked.	AAAAAA==
803103	Succubus	A female demon of European lore in medieval times. They visit sleeping men and have sexual intercourse with them. The victims don't wake up but may dream of the encounter.	AAAAAA==
803104	Succubus	A female demon of European lore in medieval times. They visit sleeping men and have sexual intercourse with them. The victims don't wake up but may dream of the encounter.	AAAAAA==
803111	Andras	One of the 72 demons of the Goetia. The great Marquis of Hell	 he appears where there is battle to stoke the hatred within soldiers. He helps defeat the enemies of those who summon him.	AAAAAA==
803112	Kodama	Japanese plant spirits born from trees that have lived for a hundred years. Cutting down one of these trees is said to cause misfortune.	AAAAAA==
803113	Kodama	Japanese plant spirits born from trees that have lived for a hundred years. Cutting down one of these trees is said to cause misfortune.	AAAAAA==
803121	Berith	One of the 72 demons of the Goetia. Known as the Duke of Hell	 he rides a gigantic horse and burns those without manners.	AAAAAA==
803122	Jack Frost	A winter fairy of European descent. He leaves ice patterns on windows and nips people's noses. Though normally an innocent creature	 he will freeze his victims to death if provoked.	AAAAAA==
803123	Jack Frost	A winter fairy of European descent. He leaves ice patterns on windows and nips people's noses. Though normally an innocent creature	 he will freeze his victims to death if provoked.	AAAAAA==
803131	Apsaras	Hindu water spirits	 they are beautiful young women who dance for the gods. They also guide heroes fallen in battle to paradise.	AAAAAA==
803132	Apsaras	Hindu water spirits	 they are beautiful young women who dance for the gods. They also guide heroes fallen in battle to paradise.	AAAAAA==
803141	Andras	One of the 72 demons of the Goetia. The great Marquis of Hell	 he appears where there is battle to stoke the hatred within soldiers. He helps defeat the enemies of those who summon him.	AAAAAA==
803142	Kodama	Japanese plant spirits born from trees that have lived for a hundred years. Cutting down one of these trees is said to cause misfortune.	AAAAAA==
803143	Kodama	Japanese plant spirits born from trees that have lived for a hundred years. Cutting down one of these trees is said to cause misfortune.	AAAAAA==
803151	Jack Frost	A winter fairy of European descent. He leaves ice patterns on windows and nips people's noses. Though normally an innocent creature	 he will freeze his victims to death if provoked.	AAAAAA==
803152	Jack Frost	A winter fairy of European descent. He leaves ice patterns on windows and nips people's noses. Though normally an innocent creature	 he will freeze his victims to death if provoked.	AAAAAA==
803153	Succubus	A female demon of European lore in medieval times. They visit sleeping men and have sexual intercourse with them. The victims don't wake up but may dream of the encounter.	AAAAAA==
803154	Succubus	A female demon of European lore in medieval times. They visit sleeping men and have sexual intercourse with them. The victims don't wake up but may dream of the encounter.	AAAAAA==
803161	Berith	One of the 72 demons of the Goetia. Known as the Duke of Hell	 he rides a gigantic horse and burns those without manners.	AAAAAA==
803162	Andras	One of the 72 demons of the Goetia. The great Marquis of Hell	 he appears where there is battle to stoke the hatred within soldiers. He helps defeat the enemies of those who summon him.	AAAAAA==
803163	Andras	One of the 72 demons of the Goetia. The great Marquis of Hell	 he appears where there is battle to stoke the hatred within soldiers. He helps defeat the enemies of those who summon him.	AAAAAA==
803171	Apsaras	Hindu water spirits	 they are beautiful young women who dance for the gods. They also guide heroes fallen in battle to paradise.	AAAAAA==
803172	Kodama	Japanese plant spirits born from trees that have lived for a hundred years. Cutting down one of these trees is said to cause misfortune.	AAAAAA==
803173	Kodama	Japanese plant spirits born from trees that have lived for a hundred years. Cutting down one of these trees is said to cause misfortune.	AAAAAA==
803181	Andras	One of the 72 demons of the Goetia. The great Marquis of Hell	 he appears where there is battle to stoke the hatred within soldiers. He helps defeat the enemies of those who summon him.	AAAAAA==
803182	Andras	One of the 72 demons of the Goetia. The great Marquis of Hell	 he appears where there is battle to stoke the hatred within soldiers. He helps defeat the enemies of those who summon him.	AAAAAA==
803191	Berith	One of the 72 demons of the Goetia. Known as the Duke of Hell	 he rides a gigantic horse and burns those without manners.	AAAAAA==
803192	Apsaras	Hindu water spirits	 they are beautiful young women who dance for the gods. They also guide heroes fallen in battle to paradise.	AAAAAA==
803193	Apsaras	Hindu water spirits	 they are beautiful young women who dance for the gods. They also guide heroes fallen in battle to paradise.	AAAAAA==
803194	Hua Po	A spirit of Chinese folklore who dwells in trees once used for hangings. She is smaller than a human and cannot speak	 but her voice is said to be as clear and as beautiful as a bird's song.	AAAAAA==
803195	Hua Po	A spirit of Chinese folklore who dwells in trees once used for hangings. She is smaller than a human and cannot speak	 but her voice is said to be as clear and as beautiful as a bird's song.	AAAAAA==
804011	Angel	Ninth of the nineorders of angels.They are closest in nature to humans.They watch over individuals and warn those who stray from the path.	AAAAAA==
804012	Angel	Ninth of the nineorders of angels.They are closest in nature to humans.They watch over individuals and warn those who stray from the path.	AAAAAA==
804021	Angel	Ninth of the nineorders of angels.They are closest in nature to humans.They watch over individuals and warn those who stray from the path.	AAAAAA==
804022	Apsaras	Hindu water spirits	 they are beautiful young women who dance for the gods. They also guide heroes fallen in battle to paradise.	AAAAAA==
804023	Apsaras	Hindu water spirits	 they are beautiful young women who dance for the gods. They also guide heroes fallen in battle to paradise.	AAAAAA==
804031	Inugami	A dog spirit said to possess people in Japanese lore. Those possessed are in a state of "inu-tsuki" and lose consciousness. Onmyoji use Inugami as familiars.	AAAAAA==
804032	Inugami	A dog spirit said to possess people in Japanese lore. Those possessed are in a state of "inu-tsuki" and lose consciousness. Onmyoji use Inugami as familiars.	AAAAAA==
804041	Nekomata	Long-lived cats are said to become these malevolent cat demons. Their powers vary according to how long they have lived	 ranging from shape-shifting to controlling the dead.	AAAAAA==
804042	Nekomata	Long-lived cats are said to become these malevolent cat demons. Their powers vary according to how long they have lived	 ranging from shape-shifting to controlling the dead.	AAAAAA==
804043	Apsaras	Hindu water spirits	 they are beautiful young women who dance for the gods. They also guide heroes fallen in battle to paradise.	AAAAAA==
804044	Apsaras	Hindu water spirits	 they are beautiful young women who dance for the gods. They also guide heroes fallen in battle to paradise.	AAAAAA==
804051	Orobas	One of the 72 demons of the Goetia. Known as the Prince of Hell	 he appears as a horse and answers questions of the past	 present	 and future. He is faithful to his conjurer.	AAAAAA==
804052	Kushi Mitama	One of the four aspects of Shinto thought	 it uses its power to bring blessings related to healing illnesses and staying healthy. It is said to have supernatural powers and cause mysterious events.	AAAAAA==
804053	Kushi Mitama	One of the four aspects of Shinto thought	 it uses its power to bring blessings related to healing illnesses and staying healthy. It is said to have supernatural powers and cause mysterious events.	AAAAAA==
804061	Angel	Ninth of the nineorders of angels.They are closest in nature to humans.They watch over individuals and warn those who stray from the path.	AAAAAA==
804062	Angel	Ninth of the nineorders of angels.They are closest in nature to humans.They watch over individuals and warn those who stray from the path.	AAAAAA==
804063	High Pixie	The leader of a swarm of pixies. Any pixie in a leadership role or with remarkable power is called by this name.	AAAAAA==
804064	High Pixie	The leader of a swarm of pixies. Any pixie in a leadership role or with remarkable power is called by this name.	AAAAAA==
804071	Angel	Ninth of the nineorders of angels.They are closest in nature to humans.They watch over individuals and warn those who stray from the path.	AAAAAA==
804072	Angel	Ninth of the nineorders of angels.They are closest in nature to humans.They watch over individuals and warn those who stray from the path.	AAAAAA==
804073	Angel	Ninth of the nineorders of angels.They are closest in nature to humans.They watch over individuals and warn those who stray from the path.	AAAAAA==
804081	Berith	One of the 72 demons of the Goetia. Known as the Duke of Hell	 he rides a gigantic horse and burns those without manners.	AAAAAA==
804082	Angel	Ninth of the nineorders of angels.They are closest in nature to humans.They watch over individuals and warn those who stray from the path.	AAAAAA==
804083	Angel	Ninth of the nineorders of angels.They are closest in nature to humans.They watch over individuals and warn those who stray from the path.	AAAAAA==
804091	Orobas	One of the 72 demons of the Goetia. Known as the Prince of Hell	 he appears as a horse and answers questions of the past	 present	 and future. He is faithful to his conjurer.	AAAAAA==
804092	High Pixie	The leader of a swarm of pixies. Any pixie in a leadership role or with remarkable power is called by this name.	AAAAAA==
804093	High Pixie	The leader of a swarm of pixies. Any pixie in a leadership role or with remarkable power is called by this name.	AAAAAA==
804101	Berith	One of the 72 demons of the Goetia. Known as the Duke of Hell	 he rides a gigantic horse and burns those without manners.	AAAAAA==
804102	Nekomata	Long-lived cats are said to become these malevolent cat demons. Their powers vary according to how long they have lived	 ranging from shape-shifting to controlling the dead.	AAAAAA==
804103	Nekomata	Long-lived cats are said to become these malevolent cat demons. Their powers vary according to how long they have lived	 ranging from shape-shifting to controlling the dead.	AAAAAA==
804111	Kushi Mitama	One of the four aspects of Shinto thought	 it uses its power to bring blessings related to healing illnesses and staying healthy. It is said to have supernatural powers and cause mysterious events.	AAAAAA==
804112	Kushi Mitama	One of the four aspects of Shinto thought	 it uses its power to bring blessings related to healing illnesses and staying healthy. It is said to have supernatural powers and cause mysterious events.	AAAAAA==
804121	Inugami	A dog spirit said to possess people in Japanese lore. Those possessed are in a state of "inu-tsuki" and lose consciousness. Onmyoji use Inugami as familiars.	AAAAAA==
804122	Inugami	A dog spirit said to possess people in Japanese lore. Those possessed are in a state of "inu-tsuki" and lose consciousness. Onmyoji use Inugami as familiars.	AAAAAA==
804131	Orobas	One of the 72 demons of the Goetia. Known as the Prince of Hell	 he appears as a horse and answers questions of the past	 present	 and future. He is faithful to his conjurer.	AAAAAA==
804132	Orobas	One of the 72 demons of the Goetia. Known as the Prince of Hell	 he appears as a horse and answers questions of the past	 present	 and future. He is faithful to his conjurer.	AAAAAA==
804133	Inugami	A dog spirit said to possess people in Japanese lore. Those possessed are in a state of "inu-tsuki" and lose consciousness. Onmyoji use Inugami as familiars.	AAAAAA==
804134	Inugami	A dog spirit said to possess people in Japanese lore. Those possessed are in a state of "inu-tsuki" and lose consciousness. Onmyoji use Inugami as familiars.	AAAAAA==
804141	Kushi Mitama	One of the four aspects of Shinto thought	 it uses its power to bring blessings related to healing illnesses and staying healthy. It is said to have supernatural powers and cause mysterious events.	AAAAAA==
804142	Kushi Mitama	One of the four aspects of Shinto thought	 it uses its power to bring blessings related to healing illnesses and staying healthy. It is said to have supernatural powers and cause mysterious events.	AAAAAA==
804151	Angel	Ninth of the nineorders of angels.They are closest in nature to humans.They watch over individuals and warn those who stray from the path.	AAAAAA==
804152	Nekomata	Long-lived cats are said to become these malevolent cat demons. Their powers vary according to how long they have lived	 ranging from shape-shifting to controlling the dead.	AAAAAA==
804153	Nekomata	Long-lived cats are said to become these malevolent cat demons. Their powers vary according to how long they have lived	 ranging from shape-shifting to controlling the dead.	AAAAAA==
804161	Angel	Ninth of the nineorders of angels.They are closest in nature to humans.They watch over individuals and warn those who stray from the path.	AAAAAA==
804162	Angel	Ninth of the nineorders of angels.They are closest in nature to humans.They watch over individuals and warn those who stray from the path.	AAAAAA==
804163	Jack Frost	A winter fairy of European descent. He leaves ice patterns on windows and nips people's noses. Though normally an innocent creature	 he will freeze his victims to death if provoked.	AAAAAA==
804164	Jack Frost	A winter fairy of European descent. He leaves ice patterns on windows and nips people's noses. Though normally an innocent creature	 he will freeze his victims to death if provoked.	AAAAAA==
804171	Nekomata	Long-lived cats are said to become these malevolent cat demons. Their powers vary according to how long they have lived	 ranging from shape-shifting to controlling the dead.	AAAAAA==
804172	Nekomata	Long-lived cats are said to become these malevolent cat demons. Their powers vary according to how long they have lived	 ranging from shape-shifting to controlling the dead.	AAAAAA==
804181	Angel	Ninth of the nineorders of angels.They are closest in nature to humans.They watch over individuals and warn those who stray from the path.	AAAAAA==
804182	High Pixie	The leader of a swarm of pixies. Any pixie in a leadership role or with remarkable power is called by this name.	AAAAAA==
804183	High Pixie	The leader of a swarm of pixies. Any pixie in a leadership role or with remarkable power is called by this name.	AAAAAA==
804191	Orobas	One of the 72 demons of the Goetia. Known as the Prince of Hell	 he appears as a horse and answers questions of the past	 present	 and future. He is faithful to his conjurer.	AAAAAA==
804192	Orobas	One of the 72 demons of the Goetia. Known as the Prince of Hell	 he appears as a horse and answers questions of the past	 present	 and future. He is faithful to his conjurer.	AAAAAA==
804193	Inugami	A dog spirit said to possess people in Japanese lore. Those possessed are in a state of "inu-tsuki" and lose consciousness. Onmyoji use Inugami as familiars.	AAAAAA==
804194	Inugami	A dog spirit said to possess people in Japanese lore. Those possessed are in a state of "inu-tsuki" and lose consciousness. Onmyoji use Inugami as familiars.	AAAAAA==
804201	Orobas	One of the 72 demons of the Goetia. Known as the Prince of Hell	 he appears as a horse and answers questions of the past	 present	 and future. He is faithful to his conjurer.	AAAAAA==
804202	Nekomata	Long-lived cats are said to become these malevolent cat demons. Their powers vary according to how long they have lived	 ranging from shape-shifting to controlling the dead.	AAAAAA==
804203	Nekomata	Long-lived cats are said to become these malevolent cat demons. Their powers vary according to how long they have lived	 ranging from shape-shifting to controlling the dead.	AAAAAA==
804211	Kushi Mitama	One of the four aspects of Shinto thought	 it uses its power to bring blessings related to healing illnesses and staying healthy. It is said to have supernatural powers and cause mysterious events.	AAAAAA==
804212	Kushi Mitama	One of the four aspects of Shinto thought	 it uses its power to bring blessings related to healing illnesses and staying healthy. It is said to have supernatural powers and cause mysterious events.	AAAAAA==
804221	Inugami	A dog spirit said to possess people in Japanese lore. Those possessed are in a state of "inu-tsuki" and lose consciousness. Onmyoji use Inugami as familiars.	AAAAAA==
804222	Inugami	A dog spirit said to possess people in Japanese lore. Those possessed are in a state of "inu-tsuki" and lose consciousness. Onmyoji use Inugami as familiars.	AAAAAA==
804223	High Pixie	The leader of a swarm of pixies. Any pixie in a leadership role or with remarkable power is called by this name.	AAAAAA==
804224	High Pixie	The leader of a swarm of pixies. Any pixie in a leadership role or with remarkable power is called by this name.	AAAAAA==
804231	Inugami	A dog spirit said to possess people in Japanese lore. Those possessed are in a state of "inu-tsuki" and lose consciousness. Onmyoji use Inugami as familiars.	AAAAAA==
804232	Inugami	A dog spirit said to possess people in Japanese lore. Those possessed are in a state of "inu-tsuki" and lose consciousness. Onmyoji use Inugami as familiars.	AAAAAA==
804241	Kushi Mitama	One of the four aspects of Shinto thought	 it uses its power to bring blessings related to healing illnesses and staying healthy. It is said to have supernatural powers and cause mysterious events.	AAAAAA==
804242	Kushi Mitama	One of the four aspects of Shinto thought	 it uses its power to bring blessings related to healing illnesses and staying healthy. It is said to have supernatural powers and cause mysterious events.	AAAAAA==
804243	High Pixie	The leader of a swarm of pixies. Any pixie in a leadership role or with remarkable power is called by this name.	AAAAAA==
804244	High Pixie	The leader of a swarm of pixies. Any pixie in a leadership role or with remarkable power is called by this name.	AAAAAA==
804251	Angel	Ninth of the nineorders of angels.They are closest in nature to humans.They watch over individuals and warn those who stray from the path.	AAAAAA==
804252	Angel	Ninth of the nineorders of angels.They are closest in nature to humans.They watch over individuals and warn those who stray from the path.	AAAAAA==
804261	Nekomata	Long-lived cats are said to become these malevolent cat demons. Their powers vary according to how long they have lived	 ranging from shape-shifting to controlling the dead.	AAAAAA==
804262	Nekomata	Long-lived cats are said to become these malevolent cat demons. Their powers vary according to how long they have lived	 ranging from shape-shifting to controlling the dead.	AAAAAA==
804263	Kushi Mitama	One of the four aspects of Shinto thought	 it uses its power to bring blessings related to healing illnesses and staying healthy. It is said to have supernatural powers and cause mysterious events.	AAAAAA==
804264	Kushi Mitama	One of the four aspects of Shinto thought	 it uses its power to bring blessings related to healing illnesses and staying healthy. It is said to have supernatural powers and cause mysterious events.	AAAAAA==
804271	Orobas	One of the 72 demons of the Goetia. Known as the Prince of Hell	 he appears as a horse and answers questions of the past	 present	 and future. He is faithful to his conjurer.	AAAAAA==
804272	Orobas	One of the 72 demons of the Goetia. Known as the Prince of Hell	 he appears as a horse and answers questions of the past	 present	 and future. He is faithful to his conjurer.	AAAAAA==
804273	Inugami	A dog spirit said to possess people in Japanese lore. Those possessed are in a state of "inu-tsuki" and lose consciousness. Onmyoji use Inugami as familiars.	AAAAAA==
804274	Inugami	A dog spirit said to possess people in Japanese lore. Those possessed are in a state of "inu-tsuki" and lose consciousness. Onmyoji use Inugami as familiars.	AAAAAA==
804281	Nekomata	Long-lived cats are said to become these malevolent cat demons. Their powers vary according to how long they have lived	 ranging from shape-shifting to controlling the dead.	AAAAAA==
804282	Nekomata	Long-lived cats are said to become these malevolent cat demons. Their powers vary according to how long they have lived	 ranging from shape-shifting to controlling the dead.	AAAAAA==
804283	Nekomata	Long-lived cats are said to become these malevolent cat demons. Their powers vary according to how long they have lived	 ranging from shape-shifting to controlling the dead.	AAAAAA==
804284	Angel	Ninth of the nineorders of angels.They are closest in nature to humans.They watch over individuals and warn those who stray from the path.	AAAAAA==
804285	Angel	Ninth of the nineorders of angels.They are closest in nature to humans.They watch over individuals and warn those who stray from the path.	AAAAAA==
804291	Orobas	One of the 72 demons of the Goetia. Known as the Prince of Hell	 he appears as a horse and answers questions of the past	 present	 and future. He is faithful to his conjurer.	AAAAAA==
804292	Orobas	One of the 72 demons of the Goetia. Known as the Prince of Hell	 he appears as a horse and answers questions of the past	 present	 and future. He is faithful to his conjurer.	AAAAAA==
804301	High Pixie	The leader of a swarm of pixies. Any pixie in a leadership role or with remarkable power is called by this name.	AAAAAA==
804302	High Pixie	The leader of a swarm of pixies. Any pixie in a leadership role or with remarkable power is called by this name.	AAAAAA==
804303	High Pixie	The leader of a swarm of pixies. Any pixie in a leadership role or with remarkable power is called by this name.	AAAAAA==
807011	Regent	A bluish-tinged diamond that Napoleon Bonaparte had mounted to the pommel of his sword. It was named after the French Regent Philippe II	 Duke of Orleans	 who had purchased it in 1717.	AAAAAA==
807034	Regent	A bluish-tinged diamond that Napoleon Bonaparte had mounted to the pommel of his sword. It was named after the French Regent Philippe II	 Duke of Orleans	 who had purchased it in 1717.	AAAAAA==
807061	Regent	A bluish-tinged diamond that Napoleon Bonaparte had mounted to the pommel of his sword. It was named after the French Regent Philippe II	 Duke of Orleans	 who had purchased it in 1717.	AAAAAA==
807021	Regent	A bluish-tinged diamond that Napoleon Bonaparte had mounted to the pommel of his sword. It was named after the French Regent Philippe II	 Duke of Orleans	 who had purchased it in 1717.	AAAAAA==
807031	Regent	A bluish-tinged diamond that Napoleon Bonaparte had mounted to the pommel of his sword. It was named after the French Regent Philippe II	 Duke of Orleans	 who had purchased it in 1717.	AAAAAA==
807032	Illusion	-	AAAAAA==
807033	Regent	A bluish-tinged diamond that Napoleon Bonaparte had mounted to the pommel of his sword. It was named after the French Regent Philippe II	 Duke of Orleans	 who had purchased it in 1717.	AAAAAA==
807041	Regent	A bluish-tinged diamond that Napoleon Bonaparte had mounted to the pommel of his sword. It was named after the French Regent Philippe II	 Duke of Orleans	 who had purchased it in 1717.	AAAAAA==
808011	Oni	An evil monster from Japanese lore known for its hideous visage and brute strength. They loot and plunder villages	 massacring the townspeople with their iron clubs. They have horns on their heads	 red skin	 long claws	 and razor-sharp teeth.	AAAAAA==
808012	Agathion	A general term for familiars used by Judeo-Christian magicians	 they are usually sealed away in bottles	 rings	 or talismans. They torment the target selected by the conjuror.	AAAAAA==
808013	Agathion	A general term for familiars used by Judeo-Christian magicians	 they are usually sealed away in bottles	 rings	 or talismans. They torment the target selected by the conjuror.	AAAAAA==
808021	Silky	A fairy of England and Scotland. She carries out household chores while everyone sleeps and is a welcome spirit. It is said you can hear her silk skirt rustle as she works.	AAAAAA==
808022	Pixie	Friendly fairies of the forest that tend to hide from humans. They like to play tricks on lazy people. It is said they are the souls of dead	 unbaptized children.	AAAAAA==
808023	Pixie	Friendly fairies of the forest that tend to hide from humans. They like to play tricks on lazy people. It is said they are the souls of dead	 unbaptized children.	AAAAAA==
808031	Agathion	A general term for familiars used by Judeo-Christian magicians	 they are usually sealed away in bottles	 rings	 or talismans. They torment the target selected by the conjuror.	AAAAAA==
808032	Jack Frost	A winter fairy of European descent. He leaves ice patterns on windows and nips people's noses. Though normally an innocent creature	 he will freeze his victims to death if provoked.	AAAAAA==
808033	Jack Frost	A winter fairy of European descent. He leaves ice patterns on windows and nips people's noses. Though normally an innocent creature	 he will freeze his victims to death if provoked.	AAAAAA==
808034	Slime	A primitive monster with a viscous body. There are various theories as to its origin	 but it is still under debate. Said to compulsively collect shiny objects.	AAAAAA==
808035	Slime	A primitive monster with a viscous body. There are various theories as to its origin	 but it is still under debate. Said to compulsively collect shiny objects.	AAAAAA==
808041	Eligor	One of the 72 demons of the Goetia. He looks like a knight and has the power to see things to come. He also knows much about war.	AAAAAA==
808042	Bicorn	An evil creature with two curving horns from European folklore. It represents impurity	 unlike the Unicorn. Said to be derived from Re'em in the Bible. Another legend says that it feeds off of loyal husbands.	AAAAAA==
808043	Bicorn	An evil creature with two curving horns from European folklore. It represents impurity	 unlike the Unicorn. Said to be derived from Re'em in the Bible. Another legend says that it feeds off of loyal husbands.	AAAAAA==
808051	Genbu	One of the Ssu-Ling	 celestial creatures of Chinese myth. It represents the direction north	 the season of winter	 and the element of water. Known to be a great warrior	 it supports the Earth from below.	AAAAAA==
808052	Succubus	A female demon of European lore in medieval times. They visit sleeping men and have sexual intercourse with them. The victims don't wake up but may dream of the encounter.	AAAAAA==
808053	Succubus	A female demon of European lore in medieval times. They visit sleeping men and have sexual intercourse with them. The victims don't wake up but may dream of the encounter.	AAAAAA==
808061	Koppa Tengu	A type of tengu. Their spiritual power is weaker than other tengu	 so they are much smaller. They are said to be the reincarnations of long-lived wolves.	AAAAAA==
808062	Incubus	A male demon of European lore in medieval times. They visit sleeping women and have sexual intercourse with them. The resulting children become witches or wizards.	AAAAAA==
808063	Incubus	A male demon of European lore in medieval times. They visit sleeping women and have sexual intercourse with them. The resulting children become witches or wizards.	AAAAAA==
808071	Agathion	A general term for familiars used by Judeo-Christian magicians	 they are usually sealed away in bottles	 rings	 or talismans. They torment the target selected by the conjuror.	AAAAAA==
808072	Jack-o'-Lantern	A drunkard who tricked the Devil out of taking him to Hell. When refused entry to Heaven	 he was forced to wander the earth with only an ember as a light.	AAAAAA==
808073	Jack-o'-Lantern	A drunkard who tricked the Devil out of taking him to Hell. When refused entry to Heaven	 he was forced to wander the earth with only an ember as a light.	AAAAAA==
808074	Kodama	Japanese plant spirits born from trees that have lived for a hundred years. Cutting down one of these trees is said to cause misfortune.	AAAAAA==
808075	Kodama	Japanese plant spirits born from trees that have lived for a hundred years. Cutting down one of these trees is said to cause misfortune.	AAAAAA==
808081	Ippon-Datara	A one-eyed	 one-legged monster said to live deep in the mountains of Kumano	 Japan. It's believed to be the degraded blacksmith god	 Ame no Me-Hitotsu no Kami.	AAAAAA==
808082	Onmoraki	A monstrous	 fire spitting	 Japanese bird with a man's face. It is actually a corpse that was not given a proper memorial service. They appear before monks who neglect their duties.	AAAAAA==
808083	Onmoraki	A monstrous	 fire spitting	 Japanese bird with a man's face. It is actually a corpse that was not given a proper memorial service. They appear before monks who neglect their duties.	AAAAAA==
808091	Berith	One of the 72 demons of the Goetia. Known as the Duke of Hell	 he rides a gigantic horse and burns those without manners.	AAAAAA==
808092	Angel	Ninth of the nineorders of angels.They are closest in nature to humans.They watch over individuals and warn those who stray from the path.	AAAAAA==
808093	Angel	Ninth of the nineorders of angels.They are closest in nature to humans.They watch over individuals and warn those who stray from the path.	AAAAAA==
808101	Eligor	One of the 72 demons of the Goetia. He looks like a knight and has the power to see things to come. He also knows much about war.	AAAAAA==
808102	Mokoi	Evil spirits of Murngin lore believed to be reborn shadows. They kidnap and eat children	 and strike down any sorcerer who uses black magic.	AAAAAA==
808103	Mokoi	Evil spirits of Murngin lore believed to be reborn shadows. They kidnap and eat children	 and strike down any sorcerer who uses black magic.	AAAAAA==
808111	Oni	An evil monster from Japanese lore known for its hideous visage and brute strength. They loot and plunder villages	 massacring the townspeople with their iron clubs. They have horns on their heads	 red skin	 long claws	 and razor-sharp teeth.	AAAAAA==
808112	Agathion	A general term for familiars used by Judeo-Christian magicians	 they are usually sealed away in bottles	 rings	 or talismans. They torment the target selected by the conjuror.	AAAAAA==
808113	Agathion	A general term for familiars used by Judeo-Christian magicians	 they are usually sealed away in bottles	 rings	 or talismans. They torment the target selected by the conjuror.	AAAAAA==
808121	Silky	A fairy of England and Scotland. She carries out household chores while everyone sleeps and is a welcome spirit. It is said you can hear her silk skirt rustle as she works.	AAAAAA==
808122	Pixie	Friendly fairies of the forest that tend to hide from humans. They like to play tricks on lazy people. It is said they are the souls of dead	 unbaptized children.	AAAAAA==
808123	Pixie	Friendly fairies of the forest that tend to hide from humans. They like to play tricks on lazy people. It is said they are the souls of dead	 unbaptized children.	AAAAAA==
808131	Agathion	A general term for familiars used by Judeo-Christian magicians	 they are usually sealed away in bottles	 rings	 or talismans. They torment the target selected by the conjuror.	AAAAAA==
808132	Jack Frost	A winter fairy of European descent. He leaves ice patterns on windows and nips people's noses. Though normally an innocent creature	 he will freeze his victims to death if provoked.	AAAAAA==
808133	Jack Frost	A winter fairy of European descent. He leaves ice patterns on windows and nips people's noses. Though normally an innocent creature	 he will freeze his victims to death if provoked.	AAAAAA==
808134	Slime	A primitive monster with a viscous body. There are various theories as to its origin	 but it is still under debate. Said to compulsively collect shiny objects.	AAAAAA==
808135	Slime	A primitive monster with a viscous body. There are various theories as to its origin	 but it is still under debate. Said to compulsively collect shiny objects.	AAAAAA==
808141	Eligor	One of the 72 demons of the Goetia. He looks like a knight and has the power to see things to come. He also knows much about war.	AAAAAA==
808142	Bicorn	An evil creature with two curving horns from European folklore. It represents impurity	 unlike the Unicorn. Said to be derived from Re'em in the Bible. Another legend says that it feeds off of loyal husbands.	AAAAAA==
808143	Bicorn	An evil creature with two curving horns from European folklore. It represents impurity	 unlike the Unicorn. Said to be derived from Re'em in the Bible. Another legend says that it feeds off of loyal husbands.	AAAAAA==
808151	Genbu	One of the Ssu-Ling	 celestial creatures of Chinese myth. It represents the direction north	 the season of winter	 and the element of water. Known to be a great warrior	 it supports the Earth from below.	AAAAAA==
808152	Succubus	A female demon of European lore in medieval times. They visit sleeping men and have sexual intercourse with them. The victims don't wake up but may dream of the encounter.	AAAAAA==
808153	Succubus	A female demon of European lore in medieval times. They visit sleeping men and have sexual intercourse with them. The victims don't wake up but may dream of the encounter.	AAAAAA==
808161	Koppa Tengu	A type of tengu. Their spiritual power is weaker than other tengu	 so they are much smaller. They are said to be the reincarnations of long-lived wolves.	AAAAAA==
808162	Incubus	A male demon of European lore in medieval times. They visit sleeping women and have sexual intercourse with them. The resulting children become witches or wizards.	AAAAAA==
808163	Incubus	A male demon of European lore in medieval times. They visit sleeping women and have sexual intercourse with them. The resulting children become witches or wizards.	AAAAAA==
808171	Agathion	A general term for familiars used by Judeo-Christian magicians	 they are usually sealed away in bottles	 rings	 or talismans. They torment the target selected by the conjuror.	AAAAAA==
808172	Jack-o'-Lantern	A drunkard who tricked the Devil out of taking him to Hell. When refused entry to Heaven	 he was forced to wander the earth with only an ember as a light.	AAAAAA==
808173	Jack-o'-Lantern	A drunkard who tricked the Devil out of taking him to Hell. When refused entry to Heaven	 he was forced to wander the earth with only an ember as a light.	AAAAAA==
808174	Kodama	Japanese plant spirits born from trees that have lived for a hundred years. Cutting down one of these trees is said to cause misfortune.	AAAAAA==
808175	Kodama	Japanese plant spirits born from trees that have lived for a hundred years. Cutting down one of these trees is said to cause misfortune.	AAAAAA==
808181	Ippon-Datara	A one-eyed	 one-legged monster said to live deep in the mountains of Kumano	 Japan. It's believed to be the degraded blacksmith god	 Ame no Me-Hitotsu no Kami.	AAAAAA==
808182	Onmoraki	A monstrous	 fire spitting	 Japanese bird with a man's face. It is actually a corpse that was not given a proper memorial service. They appear before monks who neglect their duties.	AAAAAA==
808183	Onmoraki	A monstrous	 fire spitting	 Japanese bird with a man's face. It is actually a corpse that was not given a proper memorial service. They appear before monks who neglect their duties.	AAAAAA==
808191	Berith	One of the 72 demons of the Goetia. Known as the Duke of Hell	 he rides a gigantic horse and burns those without manners.	AAAAAA==
808192	Angel	Ninth of the nineorders of angels.They are closest in nature to humans.They watch over individuals and warn those who stray from the path.	AAAAAA==
808193	Angel	Ninth of the nineorders of angels.They are closest in nature to humans.They watch over individuals and warn those who stray from the path.	AAAAAA==
808201	Eligor	One of the 72 demons of the Goetia. He looks like a knight and has the power to see things to come. He also knows much about war.	AAAAAA==
808202	Mokoi	Evil spirits of Murngin lore believed to be reborn shadows. They kidnap and eat children	 and strike down any sorcerer who uses black magic.	AAAAAA==
808203	Mokoi	Evil spirits of Murngin lore believed to be reborn shadows. They kidnap and eat children	 and strike down any sorcerer who uses black magic.	AAAAAA==
808211	Decarabia	One of the 72 demons of the Goetia	 this demon appears as a pentacle. Keeper of jewels and herbal lore	 Decarabia is said to have the ability to shape-shift at will.	1. When Decarabia takes <color=#FF423F>weakness damage</color>	 it will permanently gain 1 <color=#72C5FF>Weakness</color> stack. Each <color=#72C5FF>Weakness</color> stack increases Decarabia's damage taken.
2. When Decarabia takes damage from an attribute other than its weakness	 it will immediately use <color=#72C5FF>Agilao</color> against the attacker.
808221	Decarabia	One of the 72 demons of the Goetia	 this demon appears as a pentacle. Keeper of jewels and herbal lore	 Decarabia is said to have the ability to shape-shift at will.	1. When Decarabia takes <color=#FF423F>weakness damage</color>	 it will permanently gain 1 <color=#72C5FF>Weakness</color> stack. Each <color=#72C5FF>Weakness</color> stack increases Decarabia's damage taken.
2. When Decarabia takes damage from an attribute other than its weakness	 it will immediately use <color=#72C5FF>Agilao</color> against the attacker.
808222	Courageous Spirit	-	1. When Courageous Spirit is present	 <color=#FF423F>Decarabia's weak affinity will change</color>.
2. When Courageous Spirit is defeated	 Decarabia's weak affinity will return to normal.
808261	Matador	A master sportsman who entertains the audience in exchange for his own life: one mistake can mean death. Some believe that matadors who die while performing remain in this world.	1. Matador's skillful footwork raises its evasion.
Mirage Step: 100% chance to avoid <color=#FF423F>normal attacks</color>.
Reverse Step: 100% chance to avoid <color=#FF423F>ranged attacks</color>.
Cape-Sweep Step: 100% chance to avoid <color=#FF423F>skill attacks</color>.
2. At the end of each turn	 Matador gains <color=#FF423F>1 random Step effect</color> and 3 Capote stacks. It will lose 1 stack when taking damage.
3. If Matador has Capote when it takes action	 it will use Estocada to deal heavy damage to 1 Phantom Thief.
808262	Bicorn	An evil creature with two curving horns from European folklore. It represents impurity	 unlike the Unicorn. Said to be derived from Re'em in the Bible. Another legend says that it feeds off of loyal husbands.	AAAAAA==
808271	Matador	A master sportsman who entertains the audience in exchange for his own life: one mistake can mean death. Some believe that matadors who die while performing remain in this world.	1. Matador's skillful footwork raises its evasion.
Mirage Step: 100% chance to avoid <color=#FF423F>normal attacks</color>.
Reverse Step: 100% chance to avoid <color=#FF423F>ranged attacks</color>.
Cape-Sweep Step: 100% chance to avoid <color=#FF423F>skill attacks</color>.
2. At the end of each turn	 all Matadors gain <color=#FF423F>2 random Step effects</color> and 1 Capote stack. They will lose 1 stack when taking damage.
3. If Matador has Capote when it takes action	 it will use Estocada to deal heavy damage to 1 Phantom Thief.
808272	Matador	A master sportsman who entertains the audience in exchange for his own life: one mistake can mean death. Some believe that matadors who die while performing remain in this world.	1. Matador's skillful footwork raises its evasion.
Mirage Step: 100% chance to avoid <color=#FF423F>normal attacks</color>.
Reverse Step: 100% chance to avoid <color=#FF423F>ranged attacks</color>.
Cape-Sweep Step: 100% chance to avoid <color=#FF423F>skill attacks</color>.
2. At the end of each turn	 all Matadors gain <color=#FF423F>2 random Step effects</color> and 1 Capote stack. They will lose 1 stack when taking damage.
3. If Matador has Capote when it takes action	 it will use Estocada to deal heavy damage to 1 Phantom Thief.
808281	Matador	A master sportsman who entertains the audience in exchange for his own life: one mistake can mean death. Some believe that matadors who die while performing remain in this world.	1. Matador's <color=#72C5FF>Master Step</color> gives it a 100% chance to dodge all attacks.
2. After a set amount of time	 Matador summons Matador's Spirit	 which will flee after 1 turn.
3. When Matador's Spirit is defeated	 Matador loses motivation and the Master Step effect. It will also be unable to act for 2 turns. Afterwards	 Matador regains its will to fight along with the Master Step effect.
808282	Matador's Spirit	-	When Matador's Spirit is defeated	 Matador loses motivation and the Master Step effect. It will also be unable to act for 2 turns. Afterwards	 Matador regains its will to fight along with the Master Step effect.
808291	Matador	A master sportsman who entertains the audience in exchange for his own life: one mistake can mean death. Some believe that matadors who die while performing remain in this world.	1. Matador's skillful footwork raises its evasion.
Mirage Step: 100% chance to avoid <color=#FF423F>normal attacks</color>.
Reverse Step: 100% chance to avoid <color=#FF423F>ranged attacks</color>.
Cape-Sweep Step: 100% chance to avoid <color=#FF423F>skill attacks</color>.
2. At the start of battle	 Matador gains <color=#FF423F>2 random Step effects</color>. After taking damage	 it will change to 2 other random Step effects.
3. At the end of each turn	 Matador gains 3 Capote stacks. It loses 1 stack when taking damage.
4. If Matador has Capote when it takes action	 it will use Estocada to deal heavy damage to 1 Phantom Thief.
809011	Silky	A fairy of England and Scotland. She carries out household chores while everyone sleeps and is a welcome spirit. It is said you can hear her silk skirt rustle as she works.	AAAAAA==
809012	Explosive Guard	-	AAAAAA==
809013	Explosive Guard	-	AAAAAA==
809021	Berith	One of the 72 demons of the Goetia. Known as the Duke of Hell	 he rides a gigantic horse and burns those without manners.	AAAAAA==
809022	Obariyon	A "piggyback monster" of Japan that jumps on the backs of those who pass grassy paths. It is heavy and not easily removed	 but will turn into gold coins if you can carry it back home.	AAAAAA==
809023	Obariyon	A "piggyback monster" of Japan that jumps on the backs of those who pass grassy paths. It is heavy and not easily removed	 but will turn into gold coins if you can carry it back home.	AAAAAA==
809031	Eligor	One of the 72 demons of the Goetia. He looks like a knight and has the power to see things to come. He also knows much about war.	AAAAAA==
809032	Apsaras	Hindu water spirits	 they are beautiful young women who dance for the gods. They also guide heroes fallen in battle to paradise.	AAAAAA==
809033	Apsaras	Hindu water spirits	 they are beautiful young women who dance for the gods. They also guide heroes fallen in battle to paradise.	AAAAAA==
809111	Fuu-Ki	One of the four oni controlled by Fujiwara no Chikata	 it sends hurricanes to blow away its enemies. Some say that Fuu-ki is the original ninja.	1. Fuu-Ki's <color=#72C5FF>Wind Domain</color> gives it a base chance of 80% to inflict <color=#72C5FF>Ultrawindswept</color> when attacking. Ultrawindswept lasts for 2 turns.
<color=#72C5FF>Ultrawindswept</color>: An enhanced version of Windswept inflicted by Fuu-Ki. Decreases Defense by 24%.
2. Fuu-Ki deals increased damage to Phantom Thieves in the <color=#72C5FF>Ultrawindswept</color> state.
809112	Sui-Ki	One of the four oni controlled by Fujiwara no Chikata	 it can cause floods with the swing of its arms. In the Taiheiki	 Ki no Tomoo expelled the oni by reading a Japanese poem.	1. Sui-Ki's <color=#72C5FF>Ice Domain</color> gives it a base chance of 80% to inflict <color=#72C5FF>Ultrafreeze</color> when attacking. Ultrafreeze lasts for 2 turns.
<color=#72C5FF>Ultrafreeze</color>: An enhanced version of Frozen inflicted by Sui-Ki. Decreases Attack by 24%.
2. Sui-Ki deals increased damage to Phantom Thieves in the <color=#72C5FF>Ultrafreeze</color> state.
809131	Kin-Ki	One of the four oni controlled by Fujiwara no Chikata	 its body is so hard that no weapons can penetrate it. It and its comrades fell into hell through holes that can still be found in modern Iga.	1. Kin-Ki's <color=#FF3B37>Golden Domain</color> allows it to grant <color=#FF3B37>Indestructible Vajra</color> to 1 random Shadow after dealing damage.
<color=#FF3B37>Indestructible Vajra</color>: Nullifies the next damage taken.
2. When Kin-Ki has <color=#FF3B37>Indestructible Vajra</color>	 its damage increases.
809132	Nekomata	Long-lived cats are said to become these malevolent cat demons. Their powers vary according to how long they have lived	 ranging from shape-shifting to controlling the dead.	AAAAAA==
809133	Nekomata	Long-lived cats are said to become these malevolent cat demons. Their powers vary according to how long they have lived	 ranging from shape-shifting to controlling the dead.	AAAAAA==
809141	Ongyo-Ki	One of the four oni controlled by Fujiwara no Chikata. By eliminating its aura and preventing others from sensing its presence	 it is able to surprise its enemies.	1. Ongyo-Ki starts with 3 <color=#72C5FF>Damage Reduction</color> stacks	 which increases the damage dealt to Phantom Thieves with elemental ailments.
2. When Fuu-Ki	 Sui-Ki	 or Kin-Ki are defeated	 Ongyo-Ki loses 1 <color=#72C5FF>Damage Reduction</color> stack. It then gains the Domain effect from the defeated Shadow	 and its affinities change.
809142	Fuu-Ki	One of the four oni controlled by Fujiwara no Chikata	 it sends hurricanes to blow away its enemies. Some say that Fuu-ki is the original ninja.	1. Fuu-Ki's <color=#72C5FF>Wind Domain</color> gives it a base chance of 80% to inflict <color=#72C5FF>Ultrawindswept</color> when attacking. Ultrawindswept lasts for 2 turns.
<color=#72C5FF>Ultrawindswept</color>: An enhanced version of Windswept inflicted by Fuu-Ki. Decreases Defense by 24%.
2. Fuu-Ki deals increased damage to Phantom Thieves in the <color=#72C5FF>Ultrawindswept</color> state.
809143	Sui-Ki	One of the four oni controlled by Fujiwara no Chikata	 it can cause floods with the swing of its arms. In the Taiheiki	 Ki no Tomoo expelled the oni by reading a Japanese poem.	1. Sui-Ki's <color=#72C5FF>Ice Domain</color> gives it a base chance of 80% to inflict <color=#72C5FF>Ultrafreeze</color> when attacking. Ultrafreeze lasts for 2 turns.
<color=#72C5FF>Ultrafreeze</color>: An enhanced version of Frozen inflicted by Sui-Ki. Decreases Attack by 24%.
2. Sui-Ki deals increased damage to Phantom Thieves in the <color=#72C5FF>Ultrafreeze</color> state.
809144	Kin-Ki	One of the four oni controlled by Fujiwara no Chikata	 its body is so hard that no weapons can penetrate it. It and its comrades fell into hell through holes that can still be found in modern Iga.	1. Kin-Ki's <color=#FF3B37>Golden Domain</color> allows it to grant <color=#FF3B37>Indestructible Vajra</color> to 1 random Shadow after dealing damage.
<color=#FF3B37>Indestructible Vajra</color>: Nullifies the next damage taken.
2. When Kin-Ki has <color=#FF3B37>Indestructible Vajra</color>	 its damage increases.
811011	Koropokguru	Small human-like creatures that have kind	 calm personalities. Once coexisting with the Ainu people of Japan	 there was a falling out at some point	 and they disappeared.	AAAAAA==
811012	Koropokguru	Small human-like creatures that have kind	 calm personalities. Once coexisting with the Ainu people of Japan	 there was a falling out at some point	 and they disappeared.	AAAAAA==
811021	Koppa Tengu	A type of tengu. Their spiritual power is weaker than other tengu	 so they are much smaller. They are said to be the reincarnations of long-lived wolves.	AAAAAA==
811022	Mokoi	Evil spirits of Murngin lore believed to be reborn shadows. They kidnap and eat children	 and strike down any sorcerer who uses black magic.	AAAAAA==
811023	Mokoi	Evil spirits of Murngin lore believed to be reborn shadows. They kidnap and eat children	 and strike down any sorcerer who uses black magic.	AAAAAA==
811031	Saki Mitama	One of the four aspects of Shinto thought	 it brings great bounty from the hunt. It is said to aid in love	 profit	 and growth	 and can create new paths.	AAAAAA==
811032	Saki Mitama	One of the four aspects of Shinto thought	 it brings great bounty from the hunt. It is said to aid in love	 profit	 and growth	 and can create new paths.	AAAAAA==
811041	Ippon-Datara	A one-eyed	 one-legged monster said to live deep in the mountains of Kumano	 Japan. It's believed to be the degraded blacksmith god	 Ame no Me-Hitotsu no Kami.	AAAAAA==
811042	Onmoraki	A monstrous	 fire spitting	 Japanese bird with a man's face. It is actually a corpse that was not given a proper memorial service. They appear before monks who neglect their duties.	AAAAAA==
811043	Onmoraki	A monstrous	 fire spitting	 Japanese bird with a man's face. It is actually a corpse that was not given a proper memorial service. They appear before monks who neglect their duties.	AAAAAA==
811051	Mokoi	Evil spirits of Murngin lore believed to be reborn shadows. They kidnap and eat children	 and strike down any sorcerer who uses black magic.	AAAAAA==
811052	Mokoi	Evil spirits of Murngin lore believed to be reborn shadows. They kidnap and eat children	 and strike down any sorcerer who uses black magic.	AAAAAA==
811061	Obariyon	A "piggyback monster" of Japan that jumps on the backs of those who pass grassy paths. It is heavy and not easily removed	 but will turn into gold coins if you can carry it back home.	AAAAAA==
811062	Obariyon	A "piggyback monster" of Japan that jumps on the backs of those who pass grassy paths. It is heavy and not easily removed	 but will turn into gold coins if you can carry it back home.	AAAAAA==
811063	Koropokguru	Small human-like creatures that have kind	 calm personalities. Once coexisting with the Ainu people of Japan	 there was a falling out at some point	 and they disappeared.	AAAAAA==
811064	Koropokguru	Small human-like creatures that have kind	 calm personalities. Once coexisting with the Ainu people of Japan	 there was a falling out at some point	 and they disappeared.	AAAAAA==
811071	Koropokguru	Small human-like creatures that have kind	 calm personalities. Once coexisting with the Ainu people of Japan	 there was a falling out at some point	 and they disappeared.	AAAAAA==
811072	Koropokguru	Small human-like creatures that have kind	 calm personalities. Once coexisting with the Ainu people of Japan	 there was a falling out at some point	 and they disappeared.	AAAAAA==
811073	Saki Mitama	One of the four aspects of Shinto thought	 it brings great bounty from the hunt. It is said to aid in love	 profit	 and growth	 and can create new paths.	AAAAAA==
811074	Saki Mitama	One of the four aspects of Shinto thought	 it brings great bounty from the hunt. It is said to aid in love	 profit	 and growth	 and can create new paths.	AAAAAA==
811081	Koppa Tengu	A type of tengu. Their spiritual power is weaker than other tengu	 so they are much smaller. They are said to be the reincarnations of long-lived wolves.	AAAAAA==
811082	Koppa Tengu	A type of tengu. Their spiritual power is weaker than other tengu	 so they are much smaller. They are said to be the reincarnations of long-lived wolves.	AAAAAA==
811091	Ippon-Datara	A one-eyed	 one-legged monster said to live deep in the mountains of Kumano	 Japan. It's believed to be the degraded blacksmith god	 Ame no Me-Hitotsu no Kami.	AAAAAA==
811092	Ippon-Datara	A one-eyed	 one-legged monster said to live deep in the mountains of Kumano	 Japan. It's believed to be the degraded blacksmith god	 Ame no Me-Hitotsu no Kami.	AAAAAA==
811093	Obariyon	A "piggyback monster" of Japan that jumps on the backs of those who pass grassy paths. It is heavy and not easily removed	 but will turn into gold coins if you can carry it back home.	AAAAAA==
811094	Obariyon	A "piggyback monster" of Japan that jumps on the backs of those who pass grassy paths. It is heavy and not easily removed	 but will turn into gold coins if you can carry it back home.	AAAAAA==
811101	Koppa Tengu	A type of tengu. Their spiritual power is weaker than other tengu	 so they are much smaller. They are said to be the reincarnations of long-lived wolves.	AAAAAA==
811102	Obariyon	A "piggyback monster" of Japan that jumps on the backs of those who pass grassy paths. It is heavy and not easily removed	 but will turn into gold coins if you can carry it back home.	AAAAAA==
811103	Koropokguru	Small human-like creatures that have kind	 calm personalities. Once coexisting with the Ainu people of Japan	 there was a falling out at some point	 and they disappeared.	AAAAAA==
811104	Koropokguru	Small human-like creatures that have kind	 calm personalities. Once coexisting with the Ainu people of Japan	 there was a falling out at some point	 and they disappeared.	AAAAAA==
811111	Mokoi	Evil spirits of Murngin lore believed to be reborn shadows. They kidnap and eat children	 and strike down any sorcerer who uses black magic.	AAAAAA==
811112	Mokoi	Evil spirits of Murngin lore believed to be reborn shadows. They kidnap and eat children	 and strike down any sorcerer who uses black magic.	AAAAAA==
811113	Saki Mitama	One of the four aspects of Shinto thought	 it brings great bounty from the hunt. It is said to aid in love	 profit	 and growth	 and can create new paths.	AAAAAA==
811114	Saki Mitama	One of the four aspects of Shinto thought	 it brings great bounty from the hunt. It is said to aid in love	 profit	 and growth	 and can create new paths.	AAAAAA==
812011	Shiisaa	A holy beast said to protect houses from evil and bring good fortune.
They look similar to Shinto guardian dogs	 but are actually modeled after a lion. There are many stories about it in Ryukyu lore.	AAAAAA==
812012	Shiisaa	A holy beast said to protect houses from evil and bring good fortune. They look similar to Shinto guardian dogs	 but are actually modeled after a lion. There are many stories about it in Ryukyu lore.	AAAAAA==
812021	Phoenix	The legendary bird of Chinese myth	 said to appear only in times of peace. It is the ruler of all birds. When it dies	 birds across the land chirp with sadness.	AAAAAA==
812022	Makami	A divine wolf god in Japanese folklore	 also written as "Oguchi-no-Magami." It is often drawn on prayer boards to prevent fires and thefts	 but it is also feared as a human-eater.	AAAAAA==
812023	Makami	A divine wolf god in Japanese folklore	 also written as "Oguchi-no-Magami." It is often drawn on prayer boards to prevent fires and thefts	 but it is also feared as a human-eater.	AAAAAA==
812031	Ippon-Datara	A one-eyed	 one-legged monster said to live deep in the mountains of Kumano	 Japan. It's believed to be the degraded blacksmith god	 Ame no Me-Hitotsu no Kami.	AAAAAA==
812032	Sudama	A spirit of rivers and mountains in Japanese lore	 it dwells in ancient trees and ageless rocks. They are not evil	 and will often appear as humans or supernatural wonders to warn people.	AAAAAA==
812033	Sudama	A spirit of rivers and mountains in Japanese lore	 it dwells in ancient trees and ageless rocks. They are not evil	 and will often appear as humans or supernatural wonders to warn people.	AAAAAA==
812041	Onmoraki	A monstrous	 fire spitting	 Japanese bird with a man's face. It is actually a corpse that was not given a proper memorial service. They appear before monks who neglect their duties.	AAAAAA==
812042	Onmoraki	A monstrous	 fire spitting	 Japanese bird with a man's face. It is actually a corpse that was not given a proper memorial service. They appear before monks who neglect their duties.	AAAAAA==
812043	Onmoraki	A monstrous	 fire spitting	 Japanese bird with a man's face. It is actually a corpse that was not given a proper memorial service. They appear before monks who neglect their duties.	AAAAAA==
812044	Onmoraki	A monstrous	 fire spitting	 Japanese bird with a man's face. It is actually a corpse that was not given a proper memorial service. They appear before monks who neglect their duties.	AAAAAA==
812051	Orthrus	The two-headed pet dog belonging to the giant Geryon of Greek myth. He guarded a herd of red oxen but was killed by Hercules during one of his twelve labors.	AAAAAA==
812052	Nigi Mitama	One of the four aspects of Shinto thought	 it works gently to help maintain a calm mind. It is said to aid in one's relations and sociability	 and can lead one in a positive direction.	AAAAAA==
812053	Nigi Mitama	One of the four aspects of Shinto thought	 it works gently to help maintain a calm mind. It is said to aid in one's relations and sociability	 and can lead one in a positive direction.	AAAAAA==
812061	Orthrus	The two-headed pet dog belonging to the giant Geryon of Greek myth. He guarded a herd of red oxen but was killed by Hercules during one of his twelve labors.	AAAAAA==
812062	Orthrus	The two-headed pet dog belonging to the giant Geryon of Greek myth. He guarded a herd of red oxen but was killed by Hercules during one of his twelve labors.	AAAAAA==
812063	Shiisaa	A holy beast said to protect houses from evil and bring good fortune. They look similar to Shinto guardian dogs	 but are actually modeled after a lion. There are many stories about it in Ryukyu lore.	AAAAAA==
812064	Shiisaa	A holy beast said to protect houses from evil and bring good fortune. They look similar to Shinto guardian dogs	 but are actually modeled after a lion. There are many stories about it in Ryukyu lore.	AAAAAA==
812071	Phoenix	The legendary bird of Chinese myth	 said to appear only in times of peace. It is the ruler of all birds. When it dies	 birds across the land chirp with sadness.	AAAAAA==
812072	Ippon-Datara	A one-eyed	 one-legged monster said to live deep in the mountains of Kumano	 Japan. It's believed to be the degraded blacksmith god	 Ame no Me-Hitotsu no Kami.	AAAAAA==
812073	Ippon-Datara	A one-eyed	 one-legged monster said to live deep in the mountains of Kumano	 Japan. It's believed to be the degraded blacksmith god	 Ame no Me-Hitotsu no Kami.	AAAAAA==
812081	Nigi Mitama	One of the four aspects of Shinto thought	 it works gently to help maintain a calm mind. It is said to aid in one's relations and sociability	 and can lead one in a positive direction.	AAAAAA==
812082	Nigi Mitama	One of the four aspects of Shinto thought	 it works gently to help maintain a calm mind. It is said to aid in one's relations and sociability	 and can lead one in a positive direction.	AAAAAA==
812091	Shiisaa	A holy beast said to protect houses from evil and bring good fortune. They look similar to Shinto guardian dogs	 but are actually modeled after a lion. There are many stories about it in Ryukyu lore.	AAAAAA==
812092	Shiisaa	A holy beast said to protect houses from evil and bring good fortune. They look similar to Shinto guardian dogs	 but are actually modeled after a lion. There are many stories about it in Ryukyu lore.	AAAAAA==
812093	Nigi Mitama	One of the four aspects of Shinto thought	 it works gently to help maintain a calm mind. It is said to aid in one's relations and sociability	 and can lead one in a positive direction.	AAAAAA==
812094	Nigi Mitama	One of the four aspects of Shinto thought	 it works gently to help maintain a calm mind. It is said to aid in one's relations and sociability	 and can lead one in a positive direction.	AAAAAA==
812101	Phoenix	The legendary bird of Chinese myth	 said to appear only in times of peace. It is the ruler of all birds. When it dies	 birds across the land chirp with sadness.	AAAAAA==
812102	Phoenix	The legendary bird of Chinese myth	 said to appear only in times of peace. It is the ruler of all birds. When it dies	 birds across the land chirp with sadness.	AAAAAA==
812103	Sudama	A spirit of rivers and mountains in Japanese lore	 it dwells in ancient trees and ageless rocks. They are not evil	 and will often appear as humans or supernatural wonders to warn people.	AAAAAA==
812104	Sudama	A spirit of rivers and mountains in Japanese lore	 it dwells in ancient trees and ageless rocks. They are not evil	 and will often appear as humans or supernatural wonders to warn people.	AAAAAA==
812111	Nigi Mitama	One of the four aspects of Shinto thought	 it works gently to help maintain a calm mind. It is said to aid in one's relations and sociability	 and can lead one in a positive direction.	AAAAAA==
812112	Nigi Mitama	One of the four aspects of Shinto thought	 it works gently to help maintain a calm mind. It is said to aid in one's relations and sociability	 and can lead one in a positive direction.	AAAAAA==
812121	Orthrus	The two-headed pet dog belonging to the giant Geryon of Greek myth. He guarded a herd of red oxen but was killed by Hercules during one of his twelve labors.	AAAAAA==
812122	Orthrus	The two-headed pet dog belonging to the giant Geryon of Greek myth. He guarded a herd of red oxen but was killed by Hercules during one of his twelve labors.	AAAAAA==
812131	Phoenix	The legendary bird of Chinese myth	 said to appear only in times of peace. It is the ruler of all birds. When it dies	 birds across the land chirp with sadness.	AAAAAA==
812132	Makami	A divine wolf god in Japanese folklore	 also written as "Oguchi-no-Magami." It is often drawn on prayer boards to prevent fires and thefts	 but it is also feared as a human-eater.	AAAAAA==
812133	Makami	A divine wolf god in Japanese folklore	 also written as "Oguchi-no-Magami." It is often drawn on prayer boards to prevent fires and thefts	 but it is also feared as a human-eater.	AAAAAA==
812134	Sudama	A spirit of rivers and mountains in Japanese lore	 it dwells in ancient trees and ageless rocks. They are not evil	 and will often appear as humans or supernatural wonders to warn people.	AAAAAA==
812135	Sudama	A spirit of rivers and mountains in Japanese lore	 it dwells in ancient trees and ageless rocks. They are not evil	 and will often appear as humans or supernatural wonders to warn people.	AAAAAA==
812141	Orthrus	The two-headed pet dog belonging to the giant Geryon of Greek myth. He guarded a herd of red oxen but was killed by Hercules during one of his twelve labors.	AAAAAA==
812142	Makami	A divine wolf god in Japanese folklore	 also written as "Oguchi-no-Magami." It is often drawn on prayer boards to prevent fires and thefts	 but it is also feared as a human-eater.	AAAAAA==
812143	Makami	A divine wolf god in Japanese folklore	 also written as "Oguchi-no-Magami." It is often drawn on prayer boards to prevent fires and thefts	 but it is also feared as a human-eater.	AAAAAA==
812151	Phoenix	The legendary bird of Chinese myth	 said to appear only in times of peace. It is the ruler of all birds. When it dies	 birds across the land chirp with sadness.	AAAAAA==
812152	Phoenix	The legendary bird of Chinese myth	 said to appear only in times of peace. It is the ruler of all birds. When it dies	 birds across the land chirp with sadness.	AAAAAA==
813011	Sudama	A spirit of rivers and mountains in Japanese lore	 it dwells in ancient trees and ageless rocks. They are not evil	 and will often appear as humans or supernatural wonders to warn people.	AAAAAA==
813012	Sudama	A spirit of rivers and mountains in Japanese lore	 it dwells in ancient trees and ageless rocks. They are not evil	 and will often appear as humans or supernatural wonders to warn people.	AAAAAA==
813021	Sui-Ki	One of the four oni controlled by Fujiwara no Chikata	 it can cause floods with the swing of its arms. In the Taiheiki	 Ki no Tomoo expelled the oni by reading a Japanese poem.	AAAAAA==
813022	Sui-Ki	One of the four oni controlled by Fujiwara no Chikata	 it can cause floods with the swing of its arms. In the Taiheiki	 Ki no Tomoo expelled the oni by reading a Japanese poem.	AAAAAA==
813031	Anzu	An evil deity of Mesopotamian folklore with an eagle's body and lion's head. While the god Enlil purified himself	 Anzu stole the Tablets of Destiny from him.	AAAAAA==
813032	Anzu	An evil deity of Mesopotamian folklore with an eagle's body and lion's head. While the god Enlil purified himself	 Anzu stole the Tablets of Destiny from him.	AAAAAA==
813041	Phoenix	The legendary bird of Chinese myth	 said to appear only in times of peace. It is the ruler of all birds. When it dies	 birds across the land chirp with sadness.	AAAAAA==
813042	Phoenix	The legendary bird of Chinese myth	 said to appear only in times of peace. It is the ruler of all birds. When it dies	 birds across the land chirp with sadness.	AAAAAA==
813043	Sudama	A spirit of rivers and mountains in Japanese lore	 it dwells in ancient trees and ageless rocks. They are not evil	 and will often appear as humans or supernatural wonders to warn people.	AAAAAA==
813044	Sudama	A spirit of rivers and mountains in Japanese lore	 it dwells in ancient trees and ageless rocks. They are not evil	 and will often appear as humans or supernatural wonders to warn people.	AAAAAA==
813051	Nigi Mitama	One of the four aspects of Shinto thought	 it works gently to help maintain a calm mind. It is said to aid in one's relations and sociability	 and can lead one in a positive direction.	AAAAAA==
813052	Nigi Mitama	One of the four aspects of Shinto thought	 it works gently to help maintain a calm mind. It is said to aid in one's relations and sociability	 and can lead one in a positive direction.	AAAAAA==
813061	Sudama	A spirit of rivers and mountains in Japanese lore	 it dwells in ancient trees and ageless rocks. They are not evil	 and will often appear as humans or supernatural wonders to warn people.	AAAAAA==
813062	Sudama	A spirit of rivers and mountains in Japanese lore	 it dwells in ancient trees and ageless rocks. They are not evil	 and will often appear as humans or supernatural wonders to warn people.	AAAAAA==
813063	Nigi Mitama	One of the four aspects of Shinto thought	 it works gently to help maintain a calm mind. It is said to aid in one's relations and sociability	 and can lead one in a positive direction.	AAAAAA==
813064	Nigi Mitama	One of the four aspects of Shinto thought	 it works gently to help maintain a calm mind. It is said to aid in one's relations and sociability	 and can lead one in a positive direction.	AAAAAA==
813071	Sui-Ki	One of the four oni controlled by Fujiwara no Chikata	 it can cause floods with the swing of its arms. In the Taiheiki	 Ki no Tomoo expelled the oni by reading a Japanese poem.	AAAAAA==
813072	Shiisaa	A holy beast said to protect houses from evil and bring good fortune. They look similar to Shinto guardian dogs	 but are actually modeled after a lion. There are many stories about it in Ryukyu lore.	AAAAAA==
813073	Shiisaa	A holy beast said to protect houses from evil and bring good fortune. They look similar to Shinto guardian dogs	 but are actually modeled after a lion. There are many stories about it in Ryukyu lore.	AAAAAA==
813081	Shiisaa	A holy beast said to protect houses from evil and bring good fortune. They look similar to Shinto guardian dogs	 but are actually modeled after a lion. There are many stories about it in Ryukyu lore.	AAAAAA==
813082	Shiisaa	A holy beast said to protect houses from evil and bring good fortune. They look similar to Shinto guardian dogs	 but are actually modeled after a lion. There are many stories about it in Ryukyu lore.	AAAAAA==
813091	Sui-Ki	One of the four oni controlled by Fujiwara no Chikata	 it can cause floods with the swing of its arms. In the Taiheiki	 Ki no Tomoo expelled the oni by reading a Japanese poem.	AAAAAA==
813092	Sui-Ki	One of the four oni controlled by Fujiwara no Chikata	 it can cause floods with the swing of its arms. In the Taiheiki	 Ki no Tomoo expelled the oni by reading a Japanese poem.	AAAAAA==
813101	Anzu	An evil deity of Mesopotamian folklore with an eagle's body and lion's head. While the god Enlil purified himself	 Anzu stole the Tablets of Destiny from him.	AAAAAA==
813102	Anzu	An evil deity of Mesopotamian folklore with an eagle's body and lion's head. While the god Enlil purified himself	 Anzu stole the Tablets of Destiny from him.	AAAAAA==
813111	Phoenix	The legendary bird of Chinese myth	 said to appear only in times of peace. It is the ruler of all birds. When it dies	 birds across the land chirp with sadness.	AAAAAA==
813112	Phoenix	The legendary bird of Chinese myth	 said to appear only in times of peace. It is the ruler of all birds. When it dies	 birds across the land chirp with sadness.	AAAAAA==
813113	Shiisaa	A holy beast said to protect houses from evil and bring good fortune. They look similar to Shinto guardian dogs	 but are actually modeled after a lion. There are many stories about it in Ryukyu lore.	AAAAAA==
813114	Shiisaa	A holy beast said to protect houses from evil and bring good fortune. They look similar to Shinto guardian dogs	 but are actually modeled after a lion. There are many stories about it in Ryukyu lore.	AAAAAA==
813121	Nigi Mitama	One of the four aspects of Shinto thought	 it works gently to help maintain a calm mind. It is said to aid in one's relations and sociability	 and can lead one in a positive direction.	AAAAAA==
813122	Nigi Mitama	One of the four aspects of Shinto thought	 it works gently to help maintain a calm mind. It is said to aid in one's relations and sociability	 and can lead one in a positive direction.	AAAAAA==
813131	Sui-Ki	One of the four oni controlled by Fujiwara no Chikata	 it can cause floods with the swing of its arms. In the Taiheiki	 Ki no Tomoo expelled the oni by reading a Japanese poem.	AAAAAA==
813132	Sudama	A spirit of rivers and mountains in Japanese lore	 it dwells in ancient trees and ageless rocks. They are not evil	 and will often appear as humans or supernatural wonders to warn people.	AAAAAA==
813133	Sudama	A spirit of rivers and mountains in Japanese lore	 it dwells in ancient trees and ageless rocks. They are not evil	 and will often appear as humans or supernatural wonders to warn people.	AAAAAA==
813141	Anzu	An evil deity of Mesopotamian folklore with an eagle's body and lion's head. While the god Enlil purified himself	 Anzu stole the Tablets of Destiny from him.	AAAAAA==
813142	Anzu	An evil deity of Mesopotamian folklore with an eagle's body and lion's head.
While the god Enlil purified himself	 Anzu stole the Tablets of Destiny from him.	AAAAAA==
813143	Orthrus	The two-headed pet dog belonging to the giant Geryon of Greek myth. He guarded a herd of red oxen but was killed by Hercules during one of his twelve labors.	AAAAAA==
813144	Orthrus	The two-headed pet dog belonging to the giant Geryon of Greek myth. He guarded a herd of red oxen but was killed by Hercules during one of his twelve labors.	AAAAAA==
814011	Kin-Ki	One of the four oni controlled by Fujiwara no Chikata	 its body is so hard that no weapons can penetrate it. It and its comrades fell into hell through holes that can still be found in modern Iga.	AAAAAA==
814012	Orthrus	The two-headed pet dog belonging to the giant Geryon of Greek myth. He guarded a herd of red oxen but was killed by Hercules during one of his twelve labors.	AAAAAA==
814013	Orthrus	The two-headed pet dog belonging to the giant Geryon of Greek myth. He guarded a herd of red oxen but was killed by Hercules during one of his twelve labors.	AAAAAA==
814021	Sui-Ki	One of the four oni controlled by Fujiwara no Chikata	 it can cause floods with the swing of its arms. In the Taiheiki	 Ki no Tomoo expelled the oni by reading a Japanese poem.	AAAAAA==
814022	Sui-Ki	One of the four oni controlled by Fujiwara no Chikata	 it can cause floods with the swing of its arms. In the Taiheiki	 Ki no Tomoo expelled the oni by reading a Japanese poem.	AAAAAA==
814031	Kin-Ki	One of the four oni controlled by Fujiwara no Chikata	 its body is so hard that no weapons can penetrate it. It and its comrades fell into hell through holes that can still be found in modern Iga.	AAAAAA==
814032	Kin-Ki	One of the four oni controlled by Fujiwara no Chikata	 its body is so hard that no weapons can penetrate it. It and its comrades fell into hell through holes that can still be found in modern Iga.	AAAAAA==
814041	Lamia	A half-human	 half-snake female monster of Greek myth	 she was once the queen of Libya. Zeus's jealous wife	 Hera	 killed her children	 causing her to go mad and transform into a monster.	AAAAAA==
814042	Anzu	An evil deity of Mesopotamian folklore with an eagle's body and lion's head. While the god Enlil purified himself	 Anzu stole the Tablets of Destiny from him.	AAAAAA==
814043	Anzu	An evil deity of Mesopotamian folklore with an eagle's body and lion's head. While the god Enlil purified himself	 Anzu stole the Tablets of Destiny from him.	AAAAAA==
814051	Orthrus	The two-headed pet dog belonging to the giant Geryon of Greek myth. He guarded a herd of red oxen but was killed by Hercules during one of his twelve labors.	AAAAAA==
814052	Orthrus	The two-headed pet dog belonging to the giant Geryon of Greek myth. He guarded a herd of red oxen but was killed by Hercules during one of his twelve labors.	AAAAAA==
814061	Kin-Ki	One of the four oni controlled by Fujiwara no Chikata	 its body is so hard that no weapons can penetrate it. It and its comrades fell into hell through holes that can still be found in modern Iga.	AAAAAA==
814062	Sui-Ki	One of the four oni controlled by Fujiwara no Chikata	 it can cause floods with the swing of its arms. In the Taiheiki	 Ki no Tomoo expelled the oni by reading a Japanese poem.	AAAAAA==
814063	Sui-Ki	One of the four oni controlled by Fujiwara no Chikata	 it can cause floods with the swing of its arms. In the Taiheiki	 Ki no Tomoo expelled the oni by reading a Japanese poem.	AAAAAA==
814071	Anzu	An evil deity of Mesopotamian folklore with an eagle's body and lion's head. While the god Enlil purified himself	 Anzu stole the Tablets of Destiny from him.	AAAAAA==
814072	Anzu	An evil deity of Mesopotamian folklore with an eagle's body and lion's head. While the god Enlil purified himself	 Anzu stole the Tablets of Destiny from him.	AAAAAA==
814073	Anzu	An evil deity of Mesopotamian folklore with an eagle's body and lion's head. While the god Enlil purified himself	 Anzu stole the Tablets of Destiny from him.	AAAAAA==
814081	Lamia	A half-human	 half-snake female monster of Greek myth	 she was once the queen of Libya. Zeus's jealous wife	 Hera	 killed her children	 causing her to go mad and transform into a monster.	AAAAAA==
814082	Lamia	A half-human	 half-snake female monster of Greek myth	 she was once the queen of Libya. Zeus's jealous wife	 Hera	 killed her children	 causing her to go mad and transform into a monster.	AAAAAA==
814083	Orthrus	The two-headed pet dog belonging to the giant Geryon of Greek myth. He guarded a herd of red oxen but was killed by Hercules during one of his twelve labors.	AAAAAA==
814084	Orthrus	The two-headed pet dog belonging to the giant Geryon of Greek myth. He guarded a herd of red oxen but was killed by Hercules during one of his twelve labors.	AAAAAA==
814091	Kin-Ki	One of the four oni controlled by Fujiwara no Chikata	 its body is so hard that no weapons can penetrate it. It and its comrades fell into hell through holes that can still be found in modern Iga.	AAAAAA==
814092	Kin-Ki	One of the four oni controlled by Fujiwara no Chikata	 its body is so hard that no weapons can penetrate it. It and its comrades fell into hell through holes that can still be found in modern Iga.	AAAAAA==
814101	Kin-Ki	One of the four oni controlled by Fujiwara no Chikata	 its body is so hard that no weapons can penetrate it. It and its comrades fell into hell through holes that can still be found in modern Iga.	AAAAAA==
814102	Sui-Ki	One of the four oni controlled by Fujiwara no Chikata	 it can cause floods with the swing of its arms. In the Taiheiki	 Ki no Tomoo expelled the oni by reading a Japanese poem.	AAAAAA==
814103	Sui-Ki	One of the four oni controlled by Fujiwara no Chikata	 it can cause floods with the swing of its arms. In the Taiheiki	 Ki no Tomoo expelled the oni by reading a Japanese poem.	AAAAAA==
814111	Sui-Ki	One of the four oni controlled by Fujiwara no Chikata	 it can cause floods with the swing of its arms. In the Taiheiki	 Ki no Tomoo expelled the oni by reading a Japanese poem.	AAAAAA==
814112	Orthrus	The two-headed pet dog belonging to the giant Geryon of Greek myth. He guarded a herd of red oxen but was killed by Hercules during one of his twelve labors.	AAAAAA==
814113	Orthrus	The two-headed pet dog belonging to the giant Geryon of Greek myth. He guarded a herd of red oxen but was killed by Hercules during one of his twelve labors.	AAAAAA==
814121	Anzu	An evil deity of Mesopotamian folklore with an eagle's body and lion's head. While the god Enlil purified himself	 Anzu stole the Tablets of Destiny from him.	AAAAAA==
814122	Anzu	An evil deity of Mesopotamian folklore with an eagle's body and lion's head. While the god Enlil purified himself	 Anzu stole the Tablets of Destiny from him.	AAAAAA==
814131	Kin-Ki	One of the four oni controlled by Fujiwara no Chikata	 its body is so hard that no weapons can penetrate it. It and its comrades fell into hell through holes that can still be found in modern Iga.	AAAAAA==
814132	Kin-Ki	One of the four oni controlled by Fujiwara no Chikata	 its body is so hard that no weapons can penetrate it. It and its comrades fell into hell through holes that can still be found in modern Iga.	AAAAAA==
814133	Sui-Ki	One of the four oni controlled by Fujiwara no Chikata	 it can cause floods with the swing of its arms. In the Taiheiki	 Ki no Tomoo expelled the oni by reading a Japanese poem.	AAAAAA==
814134	Sui-Ki	One of the four oni controlled by Fujiwara no Chikata	 it can cause floods with the swing of its arms. In the Taiheiki	 Ki no Tomoo expelled the oni by reading a Japanese poem.	AAAAAA==
814141	Anzu	An evil deity of Mesopotamian folklore with an eagle's body and lion's head. While the god Enlil purified himself	 Anzu stole the Tablets of Destiny from him.	AAAAAA==
814142	Anzu	An evil deity of Mesopotamian folklore with an eagle's body and lion's head. While the god Enlil purified himself	 Anzu stole the Tablets of Destiny from him.	AAAAAA==
814143	Anzu	An evil deity of Mesopotamian folklore with an eagle's body and lion's head. While the god Enlil purified himself	 Anzu stole the Tablets of Destiny from him.	AAAAAA==
814144	Orthrus	The two-headed pet dog belonging to the giant Geryon of Greek myth. He guarded a herd of red oxen but was killed by Hercules during one of his twelve labors.	AAAAAA==
814145	Orthrus	The two-headed pet dog belonging to the giant Geryon of Greek myth. He guarded a herd of red oxen but was killed by Hercules during one of his twelve labors.	AAAAAA==
814151	Lamia	A half-human	 half-snake female monster of Greek myth	 she was once the queen of Libya. Zeus's jealous wife	 Hera	 killed her children	 causing her to go mad and transform into a monster.	AAAAAA==
814152	Anzu	An evil deity of Mesopotamian folklore with an eagle's body and lion's head. While the god Enlil purified himself	 Anzu stole the Tablets of Destiny from him.	AAAAAA==
814153	Anzu	An evil deity of Mesopotamian folklore with an eagle's body and lion's head. While the god Enlil purified himself	 Anzu stole the Tablets of Destiny from him.	AAAAAA==
814161	Kin-Ki	One of the four oni controlled by Fujiwara no Chikata	 its body is so hard that no weapons can penetrate it. It and its comrades fell into hell through holes that can still be found in modern Iga.	AAAAAA==
814162	Kin-Ki	One of the four oni controlled by Fujiwara no Chikata	 its body is so hard that no weapons can penetrate it. It and its comrades fell into hell through holes that can still be found in modern Iga.	AAAAAA==
814163	Anzu	An evil deity of Mesopotamian folklore with an eagle's body and lion's head. While the god Enlil purified himself	 Anzu stole the Tablets of Destiny from him.	AAAAAA==
814164	Anzu	An evil deity of Mesopotamian folklore with an eagle's body and lion's head. While the god Enlil purified himself	 Anzu stole the Tablets of Destiny from him.	AAAAAA==
814171	Sui-Ki	One of the four oni controlled by Fujiwara no Chikata	 it can cause floods with the swing of its arms. In the Taiheiki	 Ki no Tomoo expelled the oni by reading a Japanese poem.	AAAAAA==
814172	Sui-Ki	One of the four oni controlled by Fujiwara no Chikata	 it can cause floods with the swing of its arms. In the Taiheiki	 Ki no Tomoo expelled the oni by reading a Japanese poem.	AAAAAA==
814181	Kin-Ki	One of the four oni controlled by Fujiwara no Chikata	 its body is so hard that no weapons can penetrate it. It and its comrades fell into hell through holes that can still be found in modern Iga.	AAAAAA==
814182	Kin-Ki	One of the four oni controlled by Fujiwara no Chikata	 its body is so hard that no weapons can penetrate it. It and its comrades fell into hell through holes that can still be found in modern Iga.	AAAAAA==
814183	Lamia	A half-human	 half-snake female monster of Greek myth	 she was once the queen of Libya. Zeus's jealous wife	 Hera	 killed her children	 causing her to go mad and transform into a monster.	AAAAAA==
814184	Lamia	A half-human	 half-snake female monster of Greek myth	 she was once the queen of Libya. Zeus's jealous wife	 Hera	 killed her children	 causing her to go mad and transform into a monster.	AAAAAA==
814191	Lamia	A half-human	 half-snake female monster of Greek myth	 she was once the queen of Libya. Zeus's jealous wife	 Hera	 killed her children	 causing her to go mad and transform into a monster.	AAAAAA==
814192	Lamia	A half-human	 half-snake female monster of Greek myth	 she was once the queen of Libya. Zeus's jealous wife	 Hera	 killed her children	 causing her to go mad and transform into a monster.	AAAAAA==
814201	Kin-Ki	One of the four oni controlled by Fujiwara no Chikata	 its body is so hard that no weapons can penetrate it. It and its comrades fell into hell through holes that can still be found in modern Iga.	AAAAAA==
814202	Kin-Ki	One of the four oni controlled by Fujiwara no Chikata	 its body is so hard that no weapons can penetrate it. It and its comrades fell into hell through holes that can still be found in modern Iga.	AAAAAA==
817011	Queen's Necklace	The diamond necklace that Jeanne de la Motte swindled from jewelers in 1785 by claiming it was on behalf of the Queen of France	 Marie Antoinette.	AAAAAA==
817031	Queen's Necklace	The diamond necklace that Jeanne de la Motte swindled from jewelers in 1785 by claiming it was on behalf of the Queen of France	 Marie Antoinette.	AAAAAA==
817061	Stone of Scone	Also known as the Stone of Destiny	it is a stone used in the coronations of Scotland's monarchs. Legends say the stone is linked to angels.	AAAAAA==
817091	Queen's Necklace	The diamond necklace that Jeanne de la Motte swindled from jewelers in 1785 by claiming it was on behalf of the Queen of France	 Marie Antoinette.	AAAAAA==
818011	Setanta	A brave young man in Celtic myth. After defeating a fierce guard dog	 he volunteered to take its place	 earning him the nickname "Hound of Culann."	When Setanta defeats a guard dog...
818012	Inugami	A dog spirit said to possess people in Japanese lore. Those possessed are in a state of "inu-tsuki" and lose consciousness. Onmyoji use Inugami as familiars.	A fierce guard dog that bites enemies and allies alike.
818013	Cu Chulainn	A hero in Celtic folklore. He was called Setanta until he earned the name	 "Culann's Hound." There are many tales of his adventures. He received his spear	 Gae Bolg	 from his mentor	 Scathach.	Cu Chulainn locks onto 1 Phantom Thief and activates <color=#72C5FF>Gae Bolg</color> on the next turn	 dealing heavy damage and inflicting an insta-kill effect.
818021	Setanta	A brave young man in Celtic myth. After defeating a fierce guard dog	 he volunteered to take its place	 earning him the nickname "Hound of Culann."	1. Leanan Sidhe grants 1 Growth stack to Setanta every turn. When Growth reaches 3 stacks	 Setanta transforms into <color=#FF423F>Cu Chulainn</color>.
2. When Leanan Sidhe is defeated	 Setanta gains 3 Growth stacks.
3. Cu Chulainn locks onto 1 Phantom Thief and activates <color=#72C5FF>Gae Bolg</color> on the next turn	 dealing heavy damage and inflicting an insta-kill effect.
818022	Leanan Sidhe	A beautiful fairy of Irish lore that yearns for the love of a human man. She drains the life of her lovers in return for granting them artistic inspiration.	1. Leanan Sidhe grants 1 Growth stack to Setanta every turn. When Growth reaches 3 stacks	 Setanta transforms into <color=#FF423F>Cu Chulainn</color>.
2. When Leanan Sidhe is defeated	 Setanta gains 3 Growth stacks.
818031	Take-Minakata	A Japanese god of war	 hunting and fertility. He fought Take-Mikazuchi for control of Japan and lost. He escaped to Suwa	 but has been prohibited to leave since then.	1. Take-Minakata deals more damage the lower its HP is.
2. Whenever Take-Minakata uses a skill	 it loses 20% of its current HP	 and gains a shield equal to 20% of its max HP.
3. Every 3 turns	 Take-Minakata summons 1 War God's Spirit. If it is defeated in 1 turn	 all Phantom Thieves' Attack is increased. If it is not defeated in 1 turn	 Take-Minakata absorbs the War God's Spirit	 and gains a shield equal to 50% of its max HP.
818032	War God's Spirit	-	A War God Spirit summoned by Take-Minakata.
818041	Take-Minakata	A Japanese god of war	 hunting and fertility. He fought Take-Mikazuchi for control of Japan and lost. He escaped to Suwa	 but has been prohibited to leave since then.	1. Take-Minakata deals more damage the lower its HP is.
2. Take-Minakata will take 90% of the damage for other Shadows	 and when it receives fatal damage	 it will instead enter an Endure state	 its HP will be fixed at 1	 and will die after 2 turns.
818042	Ame-no-Uzume	Japanese goddess of entertainment	 she governs many sacred dances. She is most famous for luring out Amaterasu	 who had barricaded herself inside a cave.	AAAAAA==
818051	Take-Minakata	A Japanese god of war	 hunting and fertility. He fought Take-Mikazuchi for control of Japan and lost. He escaped to Suwa	 but has been prohibited to leave since then.	1. Take-Minakata deals more damage the lower its HP is.
2. When Take-Minakata's HP is low	 it will summon 4 War God's Spirits	 and after 1 turn	 absorb all of them. For each one absorbed	 it restores 25% of its max HP. If the Phantom Thieves defeat all of the War God's Spirits	 Take-Minakata will be defeated.
818052	War God's Spirit	-	A War God Spirit summoned by Take-Minakata.
818053	War God's Spirit	-	A War God Spirit summoned by Take-Minakata.
808231	Leanan Sidhe	A beautiful fairy of Irish lore that yearns for the love of a human man. She drains the life of her lovers in return for granting them artistic inspiration.	1. On Leanan Sidhe's action	 1 random Shadow gains 3 <color=#72C5FF>Fairy's Blessing</color> stacks.
Fairy's Blessing: Significantly increases damage. Lose 1 stack after taking damage.
2. On Leanan Sidhe's action	 for each Shadow with Fairy's Blessing	 the count increases by 1. When the count reaches 2	 Fairy's Dance activates	 dealing heavy damage to all Phantom Thieves.
808232	Ippon-Datara	A one-eyed	 one-legged monster said to live deep in the mountains of Kumano	 Japan. It's believed to be the degraded blacksmith god	 Ame no Me-Hitotsu no Kami.	AAAAAA==
808233	Ippon-Datara	A one-eyed	 one-legged monster said to live deep in the mountains of Kumano	 Japan. It's believed to be the degraded blacksmith god	 Ame no Me-Hitotsu no Kami.	AAAAAA==
808241	Leanan Sidhe	A beautiful fairy of Irish lore that yearns for the love of a human man. She drains the life of her lovers in return for granting them artistic inspiration.	1. On Leanan Sidhe's action	 it gains 4 <color=#72C5FF>Fairy's Blessing</color> stacks. It loses 1 stack when it takes damage.
2. On Leanan Sidhe's action	 if it has Fairy's Blessing	 it activates <color=#72C5FF>Gift of the Grove</color>. All Shadows' damage is significantly increased for 2 turns.
808242	Jack Frost	A winter fairy of European descent. He leaves ice patterns on windows and nips people's noses. Though normally an innocent creature	 he will freeze his victims to death if provoked.	AAAAAA==
808243	Jack Frost	A winter fairy of European descent. He leaves ice patterns on windows and nips people's noses. Though normally an innocent creature	 he will freeze his victims to death if provoked.	AAAAAA==
808244	Jack Frost	A winter fairy of European descent. He leaves ice patterns on windows and nips people's noses. Though normally an innocent creature	 he will freeze his victims to death if provoked.	AAAAAA==
808245	Jack Frost	A winter fairy of European descent. He leaves ice patterns on windows and nips people's noses. Though normally an innocent creature	 he will freeze his victims to death if provoked.	AAAAAA==
808251	Leanan Sidhe	A beautiful fairy of Irish lore that yearns for the love of a human man. She drains the life of her lovers in return for granting them artistic inspiration.	1. On Leanan Sidhe's action	 Koppa Tengu gains 2 <color=#72C5FF>Fairy's Blessing</color> stacks.
Fairy's Blessing: Significantly increases damage. Lose 1 stack after taking damage.
2. When Koppa Tengu does not have Fairy's Blessing	 Leanan Sidhe will grant it Fairy's Protection	 which <color=#FF423F>nullifies all damage</color>. The effect lasts until Leanan Sidhe's next action.
808252	Koppa Tengu	A type of tengu. Their spiritual power is weaker than other tengu	 so they are much smaller. They are said to be the reincarnations of long-lived wolves.	AAAAAA==
818061	Neko Shogun	A prophetic Taoist god	 originally known as Mao Shogun. Due to a linguistic error involving the Chinese word for "cat	 his name was changed to Neko Shogun.,AAAAAA==
818062,Orthrus,The two-headed pet dog belonging to the giant Geryon of Greek myth. He guarded a herd of red oxen but was killed by Hercules during one of his twelve labors.,AAAAAA==
818071,Neko Shogun,A prophetic Taoist god, originally known as Mao Shogun. Due to a linguistic error involving the Chinese word for cat	 his name was changed to Neko Shogun.,AAAAAA==
818072,Shiisaa,A holy beast said to protect houses from evil and bring good fortune. They look similar to Shinto guardian dogs, but are actually modeled after a lion. There are many stories about it in Ryukyu lore.,AAAAAA==
818073,Makami,A divine wolf god in Japanese folklore, also written as Oguchi-no-Magami." It is often drawn on prayer boards to prevent fires and thefts	 but it is also feared as a human-eater.	AAAAAA==
818081	Neko Shogun	A prophetic Taoist god	 originally known as Mao Shogun. Due to a linguistic error involving the Chinese word for "cat	 his name was changed to Neko Shogun.,AAAAAA==
818082,Sudama,A spirit of rivers and mountains in Japanese lore, it dwells in ancient trees and ageless rocks. They are not evil, and will often appear as humans or supernatural wonders to warn people.,AAAAAA==
818083,Sudama,A spirit of rivers and mountains in Japanese lore, it dwells in ancient trees and ageless rocks. They are not evil, and will often appear as humans or supernatural wonders to warn people.,AAAAAA==
818084,Sudama,A spirit of rivers and mountains in Japanese lore, it dwells in ancient trees and ageless rocks. They are not evil, and will often appear as humans or supernatural wonders to warn people.,AAAAAA==
818085,Sudama,A spirit of rivers and mountains in Japanese lore, it dwells in ancient trees and ageless rocks. They are not evil, and will often appear as humans or supernatural wonders to warn people.,AAAAAA==
818091,Thoth,Egyptian moon god that takes the form of a baboon, he is the one who measures time. He gave Isis the power to resurrect Osiris after he was killed by the evil god Seth.,1. Thoth is the god of the Moon, and Horus is the god of the Sun. They govern over day and night respectively. If Thoth is attacked, it will become night. If Horus is attacked, it will become day.
2. During the day, Thoth's damage is decreased by 70%, and its damage taken is increased by 70%. At night, its damage is increased by 70%, and its damage taken is decreased by 70%. The effects of day and night on Horus are the opposite.
818092,Horus,An ancient god of Egypt whose eyes are the sun and moon. Revered by some as the chief god, he is often depicted as a hawk or a falcon.,1. Thoth is the god of the Moon, and Horus is the god of the Sun. They govern over day and night respectively. If Thoth is attacked, it will become night. If Horus is attacked, it will become day.
2. During the day, Thoth's damage is decreased by 70%, and its damage taken is increased by 70%. At night, its damage is increased by 70%, and its damage taken is decreased by 70%. The effects of day and night on Horus are the opposite.
818101,Thoth,Egyptian moon god that takes the form of a baboon, he is the one who measures time. He gave Isis the power to resurrect Osiris after he was killed by the evil god Seth.,1. Each turn, Thoth's affinity will change to Drain either Fire, Ice, Electric, Wind, Psychokinesis, Nuclear, Bless, or Curse. When it takes damage of the corresponding attribute, it gains 1 Moon Power stack.
2. When Thoth has 2 or more Moon Power stacks, it will spend 2 Moon Power to enter the <color=#72C5FF>Full Moon</color> state, increasing its own abilities and summoning 2 Sandmen.
3. Every 3 turns, Thoth will use Full Moon's Protection, entering a preparation state and gaining a shield. If the Shield is destroyed before the next turn, the preparation is canceled. If it is not destroyed, Thoth immediately enters the <color=#72C5FF>Full Moon</color> state.
818102,Sandman,A fairy in German folklore who carries a bag of magical sand, which puts humans to sleep when thrown into their eyes. If the victim resists, the Sandman will sit on their eyelids.,AAAAAA==
818111,Thoth,Egyptian moon god that takes the form of a baboon, he is the one who measures time. He gave Isis the power to resurrect Osiris after he was killed by the evil god Seth.,1. The moon changes phases, starting with New Moon. It follows a sequence of New Moon, Waxing Crescent, Full Moon, and Waning Crescent.
2. Depending on the phase of the moon, Thoth gains the following effects.
New Moon: Damage decreases by 50%, and damage taken increases by 50%.
Waxing Crescent: Damage increases by 50%, and damage taken increases by 50%.
Full Moon: Damage increases by 50%, and damage taken decreases by 50%.
Waning Crescent: Damage decreases by 50%, and damage taken decreases by 50%.
818112,Clock,-,When the Clock is attacked by different attributes, the phase of the moon will change. Fire, Ice, Electric, and Wind attacks will change the phase in the usual order. Psychokinesis, Nuclear, Bless and Curse attacks will change the phase in reverse order.
818113,Sandman,A fairy in German folklore who carries a bag of magical sand, which puts humans to sleep when thrown into their eyes. If the victim resists, the Sandman will sit on their eyelids.,AAAAAA==
818114,Sandman,A fairy in German folklore who carries a bag of magical sand, which puts humans to sleep when thrown into their eyes. If the victim resists, the Sandman will sit on their eyelids.,AAAAAA==
818121,Thoth,Egyptian moon god that takes the form of a baboon, he is the one who measures time. He gave Isis the power to resurrect Osiris after he was killed by the evil god Seth.,1. The day and night cycle switches every turn.
During the day, all units spend more SP and deal more damage.
At night, all units enter a <color=#72C5FF>Deep Sleep</color> state: Unable to act, and restore 20% of max HP and 20% of max SP every turn.
2. At night, Thoth summons 1 Sandman. Each Sandman on the field extends the duration of night by 1 turn.
818122,Sandman,A fairy in German folklore who carries a bag of magical sand, which puts humans to sleep when thrown into their eyes. If the victim resists, the Sandman will sit on their eyelids.,AAAAAA==
819011,Genbu,One of the Ssu-Ling, celestial creatures of Chinese myth. It represents the direction north, the season of winter, and the element of water. Known to be a great warrior, it supports the Earth from below.,AAAAAA==
819012,Koropokguru,Small human-like creatures that have kind, calm personalities. Once coexisting with the Ainu people of Japan, there was a falling out at some point, and they disappeared.,AAAAAA==
819013,Koropokguru,Small human-like creatures that have kind, calm personalities. Once coexisting with the Ainu people of Japan, there was a falling out at some point, and they disappeared.,AAAAAA==
819021,Suzaku,One of the Ssu-Ling, celestial creatures of Chinese myth. It is a giant bird that is said to chirp in five beautiful voices. It represents the direction south, the season of summer, and the element of fire.,AAAAAA==
819022,Phoenix,The legendary bird of Chinese myth, said to appear only in times of peace. It is the ruler of all birds. When it dies, birds across the land chirp with sadness.,AAAAAA==
819031,Byakko,One of the Ssu-Ling, celestial creatures of Chinese myth. It represents the direction west, the season of autumn, and the element of metal. He is believed to be the king of all beasts.,AAAAAA==
819032,Orthrus,The two-headed pet dog belonging to the giant Geryon of Greek myth. He guarded a herd of red oxen but was killed by Hercules during one of his twelve labors.,AAAAAA==
819041,Yurlungur,A snake with a rainbow body from Yolngu lore. He is a fertility deity who controls the weather and resides in a holy pond filled with rainbow-colored water.,AAAAAA==
819042,Shiisaa,A holy beast said to protect houses from evil and bring good fortune. They look similar to Shinto guardian dogs, but are actually modeled after a lion. There are many stories about it in Ryukyu lore.,AAAAAA==
819043,Shiisaa,A holy beast said to protect houses from evil and bring good fortune. They look similar to Shinto guardian dogs, but are actually modeled after a lion. There are many stories about it in Ryukyu lore.,AAAAAA==
819051,Kohryu,Known as the Gold Dragon, it reigns over the Ssu-Ling, celestial creatures of Chinese lore. It is located at the center of the four beasts.,AAAAAA==
819052,Genbu,One of the Ssu-Ling, celestial creatures of Chinese myth. It represents the direction north, the season of winter, and the element of water. Known to be a great warrior, it supports the Earth from below.,AAAAAA==
819053,Suzaku,One of the Ssu-Ling, celestial creatures of Chinese myth. It is a giant bird that is said to chirp in five beautiful voices. It represents the direction south, the season of summer, and the element of fire.,AAAAAA==
819054,Byakko,One of the Ssu-Ling, celestial creatures of Chinese myth. It represents the direction west, the season of autumn, and the element of metal. He is believed to be the king of all beasts.,AAAAAA==
819111,Jikokuten,Also known as Dhritarashtra, he is the protector of the East, and is one of the four Heavenly Kings of Buddhist origin. He helps maintain the security of the nation.,Jikokuten has <color=#72C5FF>Sword that Defends the Nation</color>.
Sword that Defends the Nation: Each time damage is dealt, also grants a shield to 1 random Shadow.
819112,Koppa Tengu,A type of tengu. Their spiritual power is weaker than other tengu, so they are much smaller. They are said to be the reincarnations of long-lived wolves.,AAAAAA==
819113,Koppa Tengu,A type of tengu. Their spiritual power is weaker than other tengu, so they are much smaller. They are said to be the reincarnations of long-lived wolves.,AAAAAA==
819121,Zouchouten,Also known as Virudhaka, he is the protector of the South, and is one of the four Heavenly Kings of Buddhist origin. He is the god of the five grains, and was once the chief of the gods.,Zouchouten can activate <color=#72C5FF>Growth of all Things</color>.
Growth of all Things: Randomly increases Attack, Defense, or damage of all Shadows each turn.
819122,Sui-Ki,One of the four oni controlled by Fujiwara no Chikata, it can cause floods with the swing of its arms. In the Taiheiki, Ki no Tomoo expelled the oni by reading a Japanese poem.,AAAAAA==
819131,Koumokuten,Also known as Virupaksha, he is the protector of the West, and is one of the four Heavenly Kings of Buddhist origin. He keeps a close watch on the world with his sharp gaze.,Koumokuten can activate <color=#72C5FF>Eye of Heaven</color>.
Eye of Heaven: Select 1 Phantom Thief. Increase the target's damage taken, and have all Shadows focus attacks on them next turn.
After activating Eye of Heaven, Koumokuten will summon 1 Makami.
819132,Kin-Ki,One of the four oni controlled by Fujiwara no Chikata, its body is so hard that no weapons can penetrate it. It and its comrades fell into hell through holes that can still be found in modern Iga.,AAAAAA==
819133,Makami,A divine wolf god in Japanese folklore, also written as Oguchi-no-Magami." It is often drawn on prayer boards to prevent fires and thefts	 but it is also feared as a human-eater.	Koumokuten's loyal pet	 who fights by his side.
819141	Bishamonten	Also known as Tamonten and Vaishravana in Buddhist lore	 he is the strongest of the Heavenly Kings. He protects the North and is the god of war.	Bishamonten can activate <color=#72C5FF>Parasol of Chaos</color>.
Parasol of Chaos: Covers the Shadow with the lowest HP percentage	 and changes all affinities to Drain. Lasts for 2 turns.
819142	Rakshasa	A Hindu demon. He is an enemy of the gods and attacks humans to feed off of them. His hideous appearance strikes fear into those who see him. Rakshasa shape-shifts to deceive his enemies.	AAAAAA==
819143	Rakshasa	A Hindu demon. He is an enemy of the gods and attacks humans to feed off of them.
His hideous appearance strikes fear into those who see him. Rakshasa shape-shifts to deceive his enemies.	AAAAAA==
819151	Jikokuten	Also known as Dhritarashtra	 he is the protector of the East	 and is one of the four Heavenly Kings of Buddhist origin. He helps maintain the security of the nation.	Jikokuten has <color=#72C5FF>Sword that Defends the Nation</color>.
Sword that Defends the Nation: Each time damage is dealt	 also grants a shield to 1 random Shadow.
819152	Zouchouten	Also known as Virudhaka	 he is the protector of the South	 and is one of the four Heavenly Kings of Buddhist origin. He is the god of the five grains	 and was once the chief of the gods.	Zouchouten can activate <color=#72C5FF>Growth of all Things</color>.
Growth of all Things: Randomly increases Attack	 Defense	 or damage of all Shadows each turn.
819153	Koumokuten	Also known as Virupaksha	 he is the protector of the West	 and is one of the four Heavenly Kings of Buddhist origin. He keeps a close watch on the world with his sharp gaze.	Koumokuten can activate <color=#72C5FF>Eye of Heaven</color>.
Eye of Heaven: Select 1 Phantom Thief. Increase the target's damage taken	 and have all Shadows focus attacks on them next turn.
After activating Eye of Heaven	 Koumokuten will summon 1 Makami.
819154	Bishamonten	Also known as Tamonten and Vaishravana in Buddhist lore	 he is the strongest of the Heavenly Kings. He protects the North and is the god of war.	Bishamonten can activate <color=#72C5FF>Parasol of Chaos</color>.
Parasol of Chaos: Covers the Shadow with the lowest HP percentage	 and changes all affinities to Drain. Lasts for 2 turns.
819155	Asura	The Hindu king of Asuras is named Maha Vairocana	 or "One Who Shines On All." In Buddhism	 he is known as Dainichi Nyorai.	Be warned	 <color=#72C5FF>Asura possesses the skills of all of the Four Heavenly Kings</color>.
819156	Makami	A divine wolf god in Japanese folklore	 also written as "Oguchi-no-Magami." It is often drawn on prayer boards to prevent fires and thefts	 but it is also feared as a human-eater.	Koumokuten's loyal pet	 who fights by his side.
821011	Rakshasa	A Hindu demon. He is an enemy of the gods and attacks humans to feed off of them. His hideous appearance strikes fear into those who see him. Rakshasa shape-shifts to deceive his enemies.	AAAAAA==
821012	Rakshasa	A Hindu demon. He is an enemy of the gods and attacks humans to feed off of them. His hideous appearance strikes fear into those who see him. Rakshasa shape-shifts to deceive his enemies.	AAAAAA==
821021	Naga	Half-snake	 half-human divine beings in Hindu lore	 worshipped as bringers of rain. They live in the bottoms of lakes and seas	 singing and dancing when they are not fighting.	AAAAAA==
821022	Naga	Half-snake	 half-human divine beings in Hindu lore	 worshipped as bringers of rain. They live in the bottoms of lakes and seas	 singing and dancing when they are not fighting.	AAAAAA==
821031	Flauros	One of the 72 demons of the Goetia. He appears as a leopard and can see the past and future. He can control fire and burn all his adversaries to death.	AAAAAA==
821032	Rakshasa	A Hindu demon. He is an enemy of the gods and attacks humans to feed off of them. His hideous appearance strikes fear into those who see him. Rakshasa shape-shifts to deceive his enemies.	AAAAAA==
821033	Rakshasa	A Hindu demon. He is an enemy of the gods and attacks humans to feed off of them. His hideous appearance strikes fear into those who see him. Rakshasa shape-shifts to deceive his enemies.	AAAAAA==
821041	Clotho	The youngest of the three Moirae Sisters of Greek legend. She spins the threads of life with her spindle.	AAAAAA==
821042	Naga	Half-snake	 half-human divine beings in Hindu lore	 worshipped as bringers of rain. They live in the bottoms of lakes and seas	 singing and dancing when they are not fighting.	AAAAAA==
821043	Naga	Half-snake	 half-human divine beings in Hindu lore	 worshipped as bringers of rain. They live in the bottoms of lakes and seas	 singing and dancing when they are not fighting.	AAAAAA==
821051	Flauros	One of the 72 demons of the Goetia. He appears as a leopard and can see the past and future. He can control fire and burn all his adversaries to death.	AAAAAA==
821052	Flauros	One of the 72 demons of the Goetia. He appears as a leopard and can see the past and future. He can control fire and burn all his adversaries to death.	AAAAAA==
821061	Clotho	The youngest of the three Moirae Sisters of Greek legend. She spins the threads of life with her spindle.	AAAAAA==
821062	Rakshasa	A Hindu demon. He is an enemy of the gods and attacks humans to feed off of them. His hideous appearance strikes fear into those who see him. Rakshasa shape-shifts to deceive his enemies.	AAAAAA==
821063	Rakshasa	A Hindu demon. He is an enemy of the gods and attacks humans to feed off of them. His hideous appearance strikes fear into those who see him. Rakshasa shape-shifts to deceive his enemies.	AAAAAA==
821064	Naga	Half-snake	 half-human divine beings in Hindu lore	 worshipped as bringers of rain. They live in the bottoms of lakes and seas	 singing and dancing when they are not fighting.	AAAAAA==
821071	Rakshasa	A Hindu demon. He is an enemy of the gods and attacks humans to feed off of them. His hideous appearance strikes fear into those who see him. Rakshasa shape-shifts to deceive his enemies.	AAAAAA==
821072	Rakshasa	A Hindu demon. He is an enemy of the gods and attacks humans to feed off of them. His hideous appearance strikes fear into those who see him. Rakshasa shape-shifts to deceive his enemies.	AAAAAA==
821081	Flauros	One of the 72 demons of the Goetia. He appears as a leopard and can see the past and future. He can control fire and burn all his adversaries to death.	AAAAAA==
821091	Black Ooze	A mass of malevolent intent and emotion that failed to become a true demon. All it does is eat	 prey	 and grow.	AAAAAA==
821092	Black Ooze	A mass of malevolent intent and emotion that failed to become a true demon. All it does is eat	 prey	 and grow.	AAAAAA==
821093	Black Ooze	A mass of malevolent intent and emotion that failed to become a true demon. All it does is eat	 prey	 and grow.	AAAAAA==
821101	Flauros	One of the 72 demons of the Goetia. He appears as a leopard and can see the past and future. He can control fire and burn all his adversaries to death.	AAAAAA==
821102	Clotho	The youngest of the three Moirae Sisters of Greek legend. She spins the threads of life with her spindle.	AAAAAA==
821103	Clotho	The youngest of the three Moirae Sisters of Greek legend. She spins the threads of life with her spindle.	AAAAAA==
821104	Naga	Half-snake	 half-human divine beings in Hindu lore	 worshipped as bringers of rain. They live in the bottoms of lakes and seas	 singing and dancing when they are not fighting.	AAAAAA==
821105	Naga	Half-snake	 half-human divine beings in Hindu lore	 worshipped as bringers of rain. They live in the bottoms of lakes and seas	 singing and dancing when they are not fighting.	AAAAAA==
821111	Clotho	The youngest of the three Moirae Sisters of Greek legend. She spins the threads of life with her spindle.	AAAAAA==
821112	Rakshasa	A Hindu demon. He is an enemy of the gods and attacks humans to feed off of them. His hideous appearance strikes fear into those who see him. Rakshasa shape-shifts to deceive his enemies.	AAAAAA==
821113	Rakshasa	A Hindu demon. He is an enemy of the gods and attacks humans to feed off of them. His hideous appearance strikes fear into those who see him. Rakshasa shape-shifts to deceive his enemies.	AAAAAA==
821211	Flauros	One of the 72 demons of the Goetia. He appears as a leopard and can see the past and future. He can control fire and burn all his adversaries to death.	AAAAAA==
821221	Clotho	The youngest of the three Moirae Sisters of Greek legend. She spins the threads of life with her spindle.	AAAAAA==
821222	Rakshasa	A Hindu demon. He is an enemy of the gods and attacks humans to feed off of them. His hideous appearance strikes fear into those who see him. Rakshasa shape-shifts to deceive his enemies.	AAAAAA==
821223	Rakshasa	A Hindu demon. He is an enemy of the gods and attacks humans to feed off of them. His hideous appearance strikes fear into those who see him. Rakshasa shape-shifts to deceive his enemies.	AAAAAA==
821231	Flauros	One of the 72 demons of the Goetia. He appears as a leopard and can see the past and future. He can control fire and burn all his adversaries to death.	AAAAAA==
821232	Naga	Half-snake	 half-human divine beings in Hindu lore	 worshipped as bringers of rain. They live in the bottoms of lakes and seas	 singing and dancing when they are not fighting.	AAAAAA==
821233	Naga	Half-snake	 half-human divine beings in Hindu lore	 worshipped as bringers of rain. They live in the bottoms of lakes and seas	 singing and dancing when they are not fighting.	AAAAAA==
821241	Clotho	The youngest of the three Moirae Sisters of Greek legend. She spins the threads of life with her spindle.	AAAAAA==
821242	Black Ooze	A mass of malevolent intent and emotion that failed to become a true demon. All it does is eat	 prey	 and grow.	AAAAAA==
821243	Black Ooze	A mass of malevolent intent and emotion that failed to become a true demon. All it does is eat	 prey	 and grow.	AAAAAA==
821251	Flauros	One of the 72 demons of the Goetia. He appears as a leopard and can see the past and future. He can control fire and burn all his adversaries to death.	AAAAAA==
821252	Clotho	The youngest of the three Moirae Sisters of Greek legend. She spins the threads of life with her spindle.	AAAAAA==
821261	Flauros	One of the 72 demons of the Goetia. He appears as a leopard and can see the past and future. He can control fire and burn all his adversaries to death.	AAAAAA==
821262	Flauros	One of the 72 demons of the Goetia. He appears as a leopard and can see the past and future. He can control fire and burn all his adversaries to death.	AAAAAA==
821311	Flauros	One of the 72 demons of the Goetia. He appears as a leopard and can see the past and future. He can control fire and burn all his adversaries to death.	AAAAAA==
821321	Clotho	The youngest of the three Moirae Sisters of Greek legend. She spins the threads of life with her spindle.	AAAAAA==
821322	Rakshasa	A Hindu demon. He is an enemy of the gods and attacks humans to feed off of them. His hideous appearance strikes fear into those who see him. Rakshasa shape-shifts to deceive his enemies.	AAAAAA==
821323	Rakshasa	A Hindu demon. He is an enemy of the gods and attacks humans to feed off of them. His hideous appearance strikes fear into those who see him. Rakshasa shape-shifts to deceive his enemies.	AAAAAA==
821331	Flauros	One of the 72 demons of the Goetia. He appears as a leopard and can see the past and future. He can control fire and burn all his adversaries to death.	AAAAAA==
821332	Naga	Half-snake	 half-human divine beings in Hindu lore	 worshipped as bringers of rain. They live in the bottoms of lakes and seas	 singing and dancing when they are not fighting.	AAAAAA==
821333	Naga	Half-snake	 half-human divine beings in Hindu lore	 worshipped as bringers of rain. They live in the bottoms of lakes and seas	 singing and dancing when they are not fighting.	AAAAAA==
821341	Clotho	The youngest of the three Moirae Sisters of Greek legend. She spins the threads of life with her spindle.	AAAAAA==
821342	Black Ooze	A mass of malevolent intent and emotion that failed to become a true demon. All it does is eat	 prey	 and grow.	AAAAAA==
821343	Black Ooze	A mass of malevolent intent and emotion that failed to become a true demon. All it does is eat	 prey	 and grow.	AAAAAA==
821351	Flauros	One of the 72 demons of the Goetia. He appears as a leopard and can see the past and future. He can control fire and burn all his adversaries to death.	AAAAAA==
821352	Clotho	The youngest of the three Moirae Sisters of Greek legend. She spins the threads of life with her spindle.	AAAAAA==
821361	Flauros	One of the 72 demons of the Goetia. He appears as a leopard and can see the past and future. He can control fire and burn all his adversaries to death.	AAAAAA==
821362	Flauros	One of the 72 demons of the Goetia. He appears as a leopard and can see the past and future. He can control fire and burn all his adversaries to death.	AAAAAA==
822011	Isis	Osiris's wife as well as his younger sister. Upon the death of her husband	 she revived him with her incredible magic power. Isis is seen at many gravesites as the guardian goddess of the dead.	AAAAAA==
822012	Ara Mitama	One of the four aspects of Shinto thought	 it has the power to grant ferocity. It is said to aid in one's bravery	 growth	 and endeavors	 though it can lead in a negative direction.	AAAAAA==
822013	Ara Mitama	One of the four aspects of Shinto thought	 it has the power to grant ferocity. It is said to aid in one's bravery	 growth	 and endeavors	 though it can lead in a negative direction.	AAAAAA==
822014	Ara Mitama	One of the four aspects of Shinto thought	 it has the power to grant ferocity. It is said to aid in one's bravery	 growth	 and endeavors	 though it can lead in a negative direction.	AAAAAA==
822021	Black Ooze	A mass of malevolent intent and emotion that failed to become a true demon. All it does is eat	 prey	 and grow.	AAAAAA==
822022	Black Ooze	A mass of malevolent intent and emotion that failed to become a true demon. All it does is eat	 prey	 and grow.	AAAAAA==
822031	Neko Shogun	A prophetic Taoist god	 originally known as Mao Shogun. Due to a linguistic error involving the Chinese word for "cat	 his name was changed to Neko Shogun.,AAAAAA==
822032,Neko Shogun,A prophetic Taoist god, originally known as Mao Shogun. Due to a linguistic error involving the Chinese word for cat	 his name was changed to Neko Shogun.,AAAAAA==
822041,Isis,Osiris's wife as well as his younger sister. Upon the death of her husband, she revived him with her incredible magic power. Isis is seen at many gravesites as the guardian goddess of the dead.,AAAAAA==
822042,Clotho,The youngest of the three Moirae Sisters of Greek legend. She spins the threads of life with her spindle.,AAAAAA==
822043,Clotho,The youngest of the three Moirae Sisters of Greek legend. She spins the threads of life with her spindle.,AAAAAA==
822051,Isis,Osiris's wife as well as his younger sister. Upon the death of her husband, she revived him with her incredible magic power. Isis is seen at many gravesites as the guardian goddess of the dead.,AAAAAA==
822052,Lilim,A demon who tempts sleeping men and attacks infants. She is the daughter of the demoness, Lilith. Like her mother, she drains men of their essence.,AAAAAA==
822053,Lilim,A demon who tempts sleeping men and attacks infants. She is the daughter of the demoness, Lilith. Like her mother, she drains men of their essence.,AAAAAA==
822061,Ara Mitama,One of the four aspects of Shinto thought, it has the power to grant ferocity. It is said to aid in one's bravery, growth, and endeavors, though it can lead in a negative direction.,AAAAAA==
822062,Ara Mitama,One of the four aspects of Shinto thought, it has the power to grant ferocity. It is said to aid in one's bravery, growth, and endeavors, though it can lead in a negative direction.,AAAAAA==
822071,Neko Shogun,A prophetic Taoist god, originally known as Mao Shogun. Due to a linguistic error involving the Chinese word for cat	 his name was changed to Neko Shogun.,AAAAAA==
822072,Black Ooze,A mass of malevolent intent and emotion that failed to become a true demon. All it does is eat, prey, and grow.,AAAAAA==
822073,Ara Mitama,One of the four aspects of Shinto thought, it has the power to grant ferocity. It is said to aid in one's bravery, growth, and endeavors, though it can lead in a negative direction.,AAAAAA==
822074,Ara Mitama,One of the four aspects of Shinto thought, it has the power to grant ferocity. It is said to aid in one's bravery, growth, and endeavors, though it can lead in a negative direction.,AAAAAA==
822081,Isis,Osiris's wife as well as his younger sister. Upon the death of her husband, she revived him with her incredible magic power. Isis is seen at many gravesites as the guardian goddess of the dead.,AAAAAA==
822082,Clotho,The youngest of the three Moirae Sisters of Greek legend. She spins the threads of life with her spindle.,AAAAAA==
822083,Lilim,A demon who tempts sleeping men and attacks infants. She is the daughter of the demoness, Lilith. Like her mother, she drains men of their essence.,AAAAAA==
822084,Lilim,A demon who tempts sleeping men and attacks infants. She is the daughter of the demoness, Lilith. Like her mother, she drains men of their essence.,AAAAAA==
822091,Lilim,A demon who tempts sleeping men and attacks infants. She is the daughter of the demoness, Lilith. Like her mother, she drains men of their essence.,AAAAAA==
822092,Lilim,A demon who tempts sleeping men and attacks infants. She is the daughter of the demoness, Lilith. Like her mother, she drains men of their essence.,AAAAAA==
822093,Ara Mitama,One of the four aspects of Shinto thought, it has the power to grant ferocity. It is said to aid in one's bravery, growth, and endeavors, though it can lead in a negative direction.,AAAAAA==
822094,Ara Mitama,One of the four aspects of Shinto thought, it has the power to grant ferocity. It is said to aid in one's bravery, growth, and endeavors, though it can lead in a negative direction.,AAAAAA==
822211,Isis,Osiris's wife as well as his younger sister. Upon the death of her husband, she revived him with her incredible magic power. Isis is seen at many gravesites as the guardian goddess of the dead.,AAAAAA==
822212,Ara Mitama,One of the four aspects of Shinto thought, it has the power to grant ferocity. It is said to aid in one's bravery, growth, and endeavors, though it can lead in a negative direction.,AAAAAA==
822213,Ara Mitama,One of the four aspects of Shinto thought, it has the power to grant ferocity. It is said to aid in one's bravery, growth, and endeavors, though it can lead in a negative direction.,AAAAAA==
822221,Neko Shogun,A prophetic Taoist god, originally known as Mao Shogun. Due to a linguistic error involving the Chinese word for cat	 his name was changed to Neko Shogun.,AAAAAA==
822231,Isis,Osiris's wife as well as his younger sister. Upon the death of her husband, she revived him with her incredible magic power. Isis is seen at many gravesites as the guardian goddess of the dead.,AAAAAA==
822232,Clotho,The youngest of the three Moirae Sisters of Greek legend. She spins the threads of life with her spindle.,AAAAAA==
822233,Clotho,The youngest of the three Moirae Sisters of Greek legend. She spins the threads of life with her spindle.,AAAAAA==
822241,Isis,Osiris's wife as well as his younger sister. Upon the death of her husband, she revived him with her incredible magic power. Isis is seen at many gravesites as the guardian goddess of the dead.,AAAAAA==
822242,Lilim,A demon who tempts sleeping men and attacks infants. She is the daughter of the demoness, Lilith. Like her mother, she drains men of their essence.,AAAAAA==
822243,Lilim,A demon who tempts sleeping men and attacks infants. She is the daughter of the demoness, Lilith. Like her mother, she drains men of their essence.,AAAAAA==
822251,Neko Shogun,A prophetic Taoist god, originally known as Mao Shogun. Due to a linguistic error involving the Chinese word for cat	 his name was changed to Neko Shogun.,AAAAAA==
822252,Black Ooze,A mass of malevolent intent and emotion that failed to become a true demon. All it does is eat, prey, and grow.,AAAAAA==
822253,Ara Mitama,One of the four aspects of Shinto thought, it has the power to grant ferocity. It is said to aid in one's bravery, growth, and endeavors, though it can lead in a negative direction.,AAAAAA==
822254,Ara Mitama,One of the four aspects of Shinto thought, it has the power to grant ferocity. It is said to aid in one's bravery, growth, and endeavors, though it can lead in a negative direction.,AAAAAA==
822261,Lilim,A demon who tempts sleeping men and attacks infants. She is the daughter of the demoness, Lilith. Like her mother, she drains men of their essence.,AAAAAA==
822262,Lilim,A demon who tempts sleeping men and attacks infants. She is the daughter of the demoness, Lilith. Like her mother, she drains men of their essence.,AAAAAA==
822263,Ara Mitama,One of the four aspects of Shinto thought, it has the power to grant ferocity. It is said to aid in one's bravery, growth, and endeavors, though it can lead in a negative direction.,AAAAAA==
822264,Ara Mitama,One of the four aspects of Shinto thought, it has the power to grant ferocity. It is said to aid in one's bravery, growth, and endeavors, though it can lead in a negative direction.,AAAAAA==
822311,Isis,Osiris's wife as well as his younger sister. Upon the death of her husband, she revived him with her incredible magic power. Isis is seen at many gravesites as the guardian goddess of the dead.,AAAAAA==
822312,Ara Mitama,One of the four aspects of Shinto thought, it has the power to grant ferocity. It is said to aid in one's bravery, growth, and endeavors, though it can lead in a negative direction.,AAAAAA==
822313,Ara Mitama,One of the four aspects of Shinto thought, it has the power to grant ferocity. It is said to aid in one's bravery, growth, and endeavors, though it can lead in a negative direction.,AAAAAA==
822321,Neko Shogun,A prophetic Taoist god, originally known as Mao Shogun. Due to a linguistic error involving the Chinese word for cat	 his name was changed to Neko Shogun.,AAAAAA==
822331,Isis,Osiris's wife as well as his younger sister. Upon the death of her husband, she revived him with her incredible magic power. Isis is seen at many gravesites as the guardian goddess of the dead.,AAAAAA==
822332,Clotho,The youngest of the three Moirae Sisters of Greek legend. She spins the threads of life with her spindle.,AAAAAA==
822333,Clotho,The youngest of the three Moirae Sisters of Greek legend. She spins the threads of life with her spindle.,AAAAAA==
822341,Isis,Osiris's wife as well as his younger sister. Upon the death of her husband, she revived him with her incredible magic power. Isis is seen at many gravesites as the guardian goddess of the dead.,AAAAAA==
822342,Lilim,A demon who tempts sleeping men and attacks infants. She is the daughter of the demoness, Lilith. Like her mother, she drains men of their essence.,AAAAAA==
822343,Lilim,A demon who tempts sleeping men and attacks infants. She is the daughter of the demoness, Lilith. Like her mother, she drains men of their essence.,AAAAAA==
822351,Neko Shogun,A prophetic Taoist god, originally known as Mao Shogun. Due to a linguistic error involving the Chinese word for cat	 his name was changed to Neko Shogun.,AAAAAA==
822352,Black Ooze,A mass of malevolent intent and emotion that failed to become a true demon. All it does is eat, prey, and grow.,AAAAAA==
822353,Ara Mitama,One of the four aspects of Shinto thought, it has the power to grant ferocity. It is said to aid in one's bravery, growth, and endeavors, though it can lead in a negative direction.,AAAAAA==
822354,Ara Mitama,One of the four aspects of Shinto thought, it has the power to grant ferocity. It is said to aid in one's bravery, growth, and endeavors, though it can lead in a negative direction.,AAAAAA==
822361,Lilim,A demon who tempts sleeping men and attacks infants. She is the daughter of the demoness, Lilith. Like her mother, she drains men of their essence.,AAAAAA==
822362,Lilim,A demon who tempts sleeping men and attacks infants. She is the daughter of the demoness, Lilith. Like her mother, she drains men of their essence.,AAAAAA==
822363,Ara Mitama,One of the four aspects of Shinto thought, it has the power to grant ferocity. It is said to aid in one's bravery, growth, and endeavors, though it can lead in a negative direction.,AAAAAA==
822364,Ara Mitama,One of the four aspects of Shinto thought, it has the power to grant ferocity. It is said to aid in one's bravery, growth, and endeavors, though it can lead in a negative direction.,AAAAAA==
823011,Neko Shogun,A prophetic Taoist god, originally known as Mao Shogun. Due to a linguistic error involving the Chinese word for cat	 his name was changed to Neko Shogun.,AAAAAA==
823012,Neko Shogun,A prophetic Taoist god, originally known as Mao Shogun. Due to a linguistic error involving the Chinese word for cat	 his name was changed to Neko Shogun.,AAAAAA==
823021,Lilim,A demon who tempts sleeping men and attacks infants. She is the daughter of the demoness, Lilith. Like her mother, she drains men of their essence.,AAAAAA==
823022,Lilim,A demon who tempts sleeping men and attacks infants. She is the daughter of the demoness, Lilith. Like her mother, she drains men of their essence.,AAAAAA==
823023,Mothman,A cryptid sighted during the 60s-80s in West Virginia. It has shining red eyes and is named for the fin-like appendages on its sides. It uses its keen sense for blood to track down the source and feed on it.,AAAAAA==
823024,Mothman,A cryptid sighted during the 60s-80s in West Virginia. It has shining red eyes and is named for the fin-like appendages on its sides. It uses its keen sense for blood to track down the source and feed on it.,AAAAAA==
823031,Jatayu,The Hindu king of birds. In the Ramayana, he fought bravely against Ravana in an attempt to save Sita, Rama's wife and the seventh avatar of Vishnu, but lost.,AAAAAA==
823032,Mothman,A cryptid sighted during the 60s-80s in West Virginia. It has shining red eyes and is named for the fin-like appendages on its sides. It uses its keen sense for blood to track down the source and feed on it.,AAAAAA==
823033,Lilim,A demon who tempts sleeping men and attacks infants. She is the daughter of the demoness, Lilith. Like her mother, she drains men of their essence.,AAAAAA==
823034,Lilim,A demon who tempts sleeping men and attacks infants. She is the daughter of the demoness, Lilith. Like her mother, she drains men of their essence.,AAAAAA==
823041,Mitra,An ancient Persian god of contracts. He was also revered as a harvest-bringing sun god when he was introduced to the Zoroastrian religion.,AAAAAA==
823042,Ara Mitama,One of the four aspects of Shinto thought, it has the power to grant ferocity. It is said to aid in one's bravery, growth, and endeavors, though it can lead in a negative direction.,AAAAAA==
823043,Ara Mitama,One of the four aspects of Shinto thought, it has the power to grant ferocity. It is said to aid in one's bravery, growth, and endeavors, though it can lead in a negative direction.,AAAAAA==
823051,Mitra,An ancient Persian god of contracts. He was also revered as a harvest-bringing sun god when he was introduced to the Zoroastrian religion.,AAAAAA==
823052,Jatayu,The Hindu king of birds. In the Ramayana, he fought bravely against Ravana in an attempt to save Sita, Rama's wife and the seventh avatar of Vishnu, but lost.,AAAAAA==
823053,Neko Shogun,A prophetic Taoist god, originally known as Mao Shogun. Due to a linguistic error involving the Chinese word for cat	 his name was changed to Neko Shogun.,AAAAAA==
823054,Neko Shogun,A prophetic Taoist god, originally known as Mao Shogun. Due to a linguistic error involving the Chinese word for cat	 his name was changed to Neko Shogun.,AAAAAA==
823061,Jatayu,The Hindu king of birds. In the Ramayana, he fought bravely against Ravana in an attempt to save Sita, Rama's wife and the seventh avatar of Vishnu, but lost.,AAAAAA==
823062,Mothman,A cryptid sighted during the 60s-80s in West Virginia. It has shining red eyes and is named for the fin-like appendages on its sides. It uses its keen sense for blood to track down the source and feed on it.,AAAAAA==
823063,Mothman,A cryptid sighted during the 60s-80s in West Virginia. It has shining red eyes and is named for the fin-like appendages on its sides. It uses its keen sense for blood to track down the source and feed on it.,AAAAAA==
823071,Mitra,An ancient Persian god of contracts. He was also revered as a harvest-bringing sun god when he was introduced to the Zoroastrian religion.,AAAAAA==
823072,Ara Mitama,One of the four aspects of Shinto thought, it has the power to grant ferocity. It is said to aid in one's bravery, growth, and endeavors, though it can lead in a negative direction.,AAAAAA==
823073,Ara Mitama,One of the four aspects of Shinto thought, it has the power to grant ferocity. It is said to aid in one's bravery, growth, and endeavors, though it can lead in a negative direction.,AAAAAA==
823081,Jatayu,The Hindu king of birds. In the Ramayana, he fought bravely against Ravana in an attempt to save Sita, Rama's wife and the seventh avatar of Vishnu, but lost.,AAAAAA==
823082,Jatayu,The Hindu king of birds. In the Ramayana, he fought bravely against Ravana in an attempt to save Sita, Rama's wife and the seventh avatar of Vishnu, but lost.,AAAAAA==
823083,Jatayu,The Hindu king of birds. In the Ramayana, he fought bravely against Ravana in an attempt to save Sita, Rama's wife and the seventh avatar of Vishnu, but lost.,AAAAAA==
823091,Mothman,A cryptid sighted during the 60s-80s in West Virginia. It has shining red eyes and is named for the fin-like appendages on its sides. It uses its keen sense for blood to track down the source and feed on it.,AAAAAA==
823092,Mothman,A cryptid sighted during the 60s-80s in West Virginia. It has shining red eyes and is named for the fin-like appendages on its sides. It uses its keen sense for blood to track down the source and feed on it.,AAAAAA==
823101,Mitra,An ancient Persian god of contracts. He was also revered as a harvest-bringing sun god when he was introduced to the Zoroastrian religion.,AAAAAA==
823102,Neko Shogun,A prophetic Taoist god, originally known as Mao Shogun. Due to a linguistic error involving the Chinese word for cat	 his name was changed to Neko Shogun.,AAAAAA==
823103,Ara Mitama,One of the four aspects of Shinto thought, it has the power to grant ferocity. It is said to aid in one's bravery, growth, and endeavors, though it can lead in a negative direction.,AAAAAA==
823104,Ara Mitama,One of the four aspects of Shinto thought, it has the
power to grant ferocity. It is said to aid in one's
bravery, growth, and endeavors, though it can lead in a negative direction.,AAAAAA==
823111,Jatayu,The Hindu king of birds. In the Ramayana, he fought bravely against Ravana in an attempt to save Sita, Rama's wife and the seventh avatar of Vishnu, but lost.,AAAAAA==
823112,Mothman,A cryptid sighted during the 60s-80s in West Virginia. It has shining red eyes and is named for the fin-like appendages on its sides. It uses its keen sense for blood to track down the source and feed on it.,AAAAAA==
823113,Mothman,A cryptid sighted during the 60s-80s in West Virginia. It has shining red eyes and is named for the fin-like appendages on its sides. It uses its keen sense for blood to track down the source and feed on it.,AAAAAA==
823211,Mitra,An ancient Persian god of contracts. He was also revered as a harvest-bringing sun god when he was introduced to the Zoroastrian religion.,AAAAAA==
823221,Jatayu,The Hindu king of birds. In the Ramayana, he fought bravely against Ravana in an attempt to save Sita, Rama's wife and the seventh avatar of Vishnu, but lost.,AAAAAA==
823222,Jatayu,The Hindu king of birds. In the Ramayana, he fought bravely against Ravana in an attempt to save Sita, Rama's wife and the seventh avatar of Vishnu, but lost.,AAAAAA==
823231,Mothman,A cryptid sighted during the 60s-80s in West Virginia. It has shining red eyes and is named for the fin-like appendages on its sides. It uses its keen sense for blood to track down the source and feed on it.,AAAAAA==
823232,Mothman,A cryptid sighted during the 60s-80s in West Virginia. It has shining red eyes and is named for the fin-like appendages on its sides. It uses its keen sense for blood to track down the source and feed on it.,AAAAAA==
823241,Mitra,An ancient Persian god of contracts. He was also revered as a harvest-bringing sun god when he was introduced to the Zoroastrian religion.,AAAAAA==
823242,Lilim,A demon who tempts sleeping men and attacks infants. She is the daughter of the demoness, Lilith. Like her mother, she drains men of their essence.,AAAAAA==
823243,Lilim,A demon who tempts sleeping men and attacks infants. She is the daughter of the demoness, Lilith. Like her mother, she drains men of their essence.,AAAAAA==
823251,Mitra,An ancient Persian god of contracts. He was also revered as a harvest-bringing sun god when he was introduced to the Zoroastrian religion.,AAAAAA==
823252,Ara Mitama,One of the four aspects of Shinto thought, it has the power to grant ferocity. It is said to aid in one's bravery, growth, and endeavors, though it can lead in a negative direction.,AAAAAA==
823253,Ara Mitama,One of the four aspects of Shinto thought, it has the power to grant ferocity. It is said to aid in one's bravery, growth, and endeavors, though it can lead in a negative direction.,AAAAAA==
823254,Ara Mitama,One of the four aspects of Shinto thought, it has the power to grant ferocity. It is said to aid in one's bravery, growth, and endeavors, though it can lead in a negative direction.,AAAAAA==
823261,Jatayu,The Hindu king of birds. In the Ramayana, he fought bravely against Ravana in an attempt to save Sita, Rama's wife and the seventh avatar of Vishnu, but lost.,AAAAAA==
823262,Mothman,A cryptid sighted during the 60s-80s in West Virginia. It has shining red eyes and is named for the fin-like appendages on its sides. It uses its keen sense for blood to track down the source and feed on it.,AAAAAA==
823263,Mothman,A cryptid sighted during the 60s-80s in West Virginia. It has shining red eyes and is named for the fin-like appendages on its sides. It uses its keen sense for blood to track down the source and feed on it.,AAAAAA==
823311,Mitra,An ancient Persian god of contracts. He was also revered as a harvest-bringing sun god when he was introduced to the Zoroastrian religion.,AAAAAA==
823321,Jatayu,The Hindu king of birds. In the Ramayana, he fought bravely against Ravana in an attempt to save Sita, Rama's wife and the seventh avatar of Vishnu, but lost.,AAAAAA==
823322,Jatayu,The Hindu king of birds. In the Ramayana, he fought bravely against Ravana in an attempt to save Sita, Rama's wife and the seventh avatar of Vishnu, but lost.,AAAAAA==
823331,Mothman,A cryptid sighted during the 60s-80s in West Virginia. It has shining red eyes and is named for the fin-like appendages on its sides. It uses its keen sense for blood to track down the source and feed on it.,AAAAAA==
823332,Mothman,A cryptid sighted during the 60s-80s in West Virginia. It has shining red eyes and is named for the fin-like appendages on its sides. It uses its keen sense for blood to track down the source and feed on it.,AAAAAA==
823341,Mitra,An ancient Persian god of contracts. He was also revered as a harvest-bringing sun god when he was introduced to the Zoroastrian religion.,AAAAAA==
823342,Lilim,A demon who tempts sleeping men and attacks infants. She is the daughter of the demoness, Lilith. Like her mother, she drains men of their essence.,AAAAAA==
823343,Lilim,A demon who tempts sleeping men and attacks infants. She is the daughter of the demoness, Lilith. Like her mother, she drains men of their essence.,AAAAAA==
823351,Mitra,An ancient Persian god of contracts. He was also revered as a harvest-bringing sun god when he was introduced to the Zoroastrian religion.,AAAAAA==
823352,Ara Mitama,One of the four aspects of Shinto thought, it has the power to grant ferocity. It is said to aid in one's bravery, growth, and endeavors, though it can lead in a negative direction.,AAAAAA==
823353,Ara Mitama,One of the four aspects of Shinto thought, it has the power to grant ferocity. It is said to aid in one's bravery, growth, and endeavors, though it can lead in a negative direction.,AAAAAA==
823354,Ara Mitama,One of the four aspects of Shinto thought, it has the power to grant ferocity. It is said to aid in one's bravery, growth, and endeavors, though it can lead in a negative direction.,AAAAAA==
823361,Jatayu,The Hindu king of birds. In the Ramayana, he fought bravely against Ravana in an attempt to save Sita, Rama's wife and the seventh avatar of Vishnu, but lost.,AAAAAA==
823362,Mothman,A cryptid sighted during the 60s-80s in West Virginia. It has shining red eyes and is named for the fin-like appendages on its sides. It uses its keen sense for blood to track down the source and feed on it.,AAAAAA==
823363,Mothman,A cryptid sighted during the 60s-80s in West Virginia. It has shining red eyes and is named for the fin-like appendages on its sides. It uses its keen sense for blood to track down the source and feed on it.,AAAAAA==
823411,Jatayu,The Hindu king of birds. In the Ramayana, he fought bravely against Ravana in an attempt to save Sita, Rama's wife and the seventh avatar of Vishnu, but lost.,AAAAAA==
823421,Ara Mitama,One of the four aspects of Shinto thought, it has the power to grant ferocity. It is said to aid in one's bravery, growth, and endeavors, though it can lead in a negative direction.,AAAAAA==
823431,Lilim,A demon who tempts sleeping men and attacks infants. She is the daughter of the demoness, Lilith. Like her mother, she drains men of their essence.,AAAAAA==
823441,Clotho,The youngest of the three Moirae Sisters of Greek legend. She spins the threads of life with her spindle.,AAAAAA==
823451,Isis,Osiris's wife as well as his younger sister. Upon the death of her husband, she revived him with her incredible magic power. Isis is seen at many gravesites as the guardian goddess of the dead.,AAAAAA==
823461,Naga,Half-snake, half-human divine beings in Hindu lore, worshipped as bringers of rain. They live in the bottoms of lakes and seas, singing and dancing when they are not fighting.,AAAAAA==
823471,Black Ooze,A mass of malevolent intent and emotion that failed to become a true demon. All it does is eat, prey, and grow.,AAAAAA==
824011,Kaiwan,A god in Assyrian legend, his name is interchangeable with Sakkut, another incarnation of the star-god, Saturn.,AAAAAA==
824012,Kaiwan,A god in Assyrian legend, his name is interchangeable with Sakkut, another incarnation of the star-god, Saturn.,AAAAAA==
824021,Kaiwan,A god in Assyrian legend, his name is interchangeable with Sakkut, another incarnation of the star-god, Saturn.,AAAAAA==
824022,Mothman,A cryptid sighted during the 60s-80s in West Virginia. It has shining red eyes and is named for the fin-like appendages on its sides. It uses its keen sense for blood to track down the source and feed on it.,AAAAAA==
824023,Mothman,A cryptid sighted during the 60s-80s in West Virginia. It has shining red eyes and is named for the fin-like appendages on its sides. It uses its keen sense for blood to track down the source and feed on it.,AAAAAA==
824031,Mithras,A sun deity who was worshipped in the Roman Empire from the 1st to the 4th century AD. He was said to be reborn after death, and a festival was held on the winter solstice for him.,AAAAAA==
824041,Lachesis,The middle sister of the three Moirae Sisters of Greek legend. She is the apportioner, measuring the thread which determines each person's lifespan.,AAAAAA==
824042,Lachesis,The middle sister of the three Moirae Sisters of Greek legend. She is the apportioner, measuring the thread which determines each person's lifespan.,AAAAAA==
824051,Mithras,A sun deity who was worshipped in the Roman Empire from the 1st to the 4th century AD. He was said to be reborn after death, and a festival was held on the winter solstice for him.,AAAAAA==
824052,Kaiwan,A god in Assyrian legend, his name is interchangeable with Sakkut, another incarnation of the star-god, Saturn.,AAAAAA==
824053,Kaiwan,A god in Assyrian legend, his name is interchangeable with Sakkut, another incarnation of the star-god, Saturn.,AAAAAA==
824061,Mithras,A sun deity who was worshipped in the Roman Empire from the 1st to the 4th century AD. He was said to be reborn after death, and a festival was held on the winter solstice for him.,AAAAAA==
824062,Lachesis,The middle sister of the three Moirae Sisters of Greek legend. She is the apportioner, measuring the thread which determines each person's lifespan.,AAAAAA==
824063,Jatayu,The Hindu king of birds. In the Ramayana, he fought bravely against Ravana in an attempt to save Sita, Rama's wife and the seventh avatar of Vishnu, but lost.,AAAAAA==
824064,Jatayu,The Hindu king of birds. In the Ramayana, he fought bravely against Ravana in an attempt to save Sita, Rama's wife and the seventh avatar of Vishnu, but lost.,AAAAAA==
824071,Lachesis,The middle sister of the three Moirae Sisters of Greek legend. She is the apportioner, measuring the thread which determines each person's lifespan.,AAAAAA==
824072,Mothman,A cryptid sighted during the 60s-80s in West Virginia. It has shining red eyes and is named for the fin-like appendages on its sides. It uses its keen sense for blood to track down the source and feed on it.,AAAAAA==
824073,Mothman,A cryptid sighted during the 60s-80s in West Virginia. It has shining red eyes and is named for the fin-like appendages on its sides. It uses its keen sense for blood to track down the source and feed on it.,AAAAAA==
824081,Kaiwan,A god in Assyrian legend, his name is interchangeable with Sakkut, another incarnation of the star-god, Saturn.,AAAAAA==
824082,Kaiwan,A god in Assyrian legend, his name is interchangeable with Sakkut, another incarnation of the star-god, Saturn.,AAAAAA==
824091,Jatayu,The Hindu king of birds. In the Ramayana, he fought bravely against Ravana in an attempt to save Sita, Rama's wife and the seventh avatar of Vishnu, but lost.,AAAAAA==
824092,Jatayu,The Hindu king of birds. In the Ramayana, he fought bravely against Ravana in an attempt to save Sita, Rama's wife and the seventh avatar of Vishnu, but lost.,AAAAAA==
824093,Mothman,A cryptid sighted during the 60s-80s in West Virginia. It has shining red eyes and is named for the fin-like appendages on its sides. It uses its keen sense for blood to track down the source and feed on it.,AAAAAA==
824094,Ara Mitama,One of the four aspects of Shinto thought, it has the power to grant ferocity. It is said to aid in one's bravery, growth, and endeavors, though it can lead in a negative direction.,AAAAAA==
824095,Ara Mitama,One of the four aspects of Shinto thought, it has the power to grant ferocity. It is said to aid in one's bravery, growth, and endeavors, though it can lead in a negative direction.,AAAAAA==
824101,Mithras,A sun deity who was worshipped in the Roman Empire from the 1st to the 4th century AD. He was said to be reborn after death, and a festival was held on the winter solstice for him.,AAAAAA==
824102,Mithras,A sun deity who was worshipped in the Roman Empire from the 1st to the 4th century AD. He was said to be reborn after death, and a festival was held on the winter solstice for him.,AAAAAA==
824111,Lachesis,The middle sister of the three Moirae Sisters of Greek legend. She is the apportioner, measuring the thread which determines each person's lifespan.,AAAAAA==
824112,Lachesis,The middle sister of the three Moirae Sisters of Greek legend. She is the apportioner, measuring the thread which determines each person's lifespan.,AAAAAA==
824113,Jatayu,The Hindu king of birds. In the Ramayana, he fought bravely against Ravana in an attempt to save Sita, Rama's wife and the seventh avatar of Vishnu, but lost.,AAAAAA==
824114,Jatayu,The Hindu king of birds. In the Ramayana, he fought bravely against Ravana in an attempt to save Sita, Rama's wife and the seventh avatar of Vishnu, but lost.,AAAAAA==
824211,Kaiwan,A god in Assyrian legend, his name is interchangeable with Sakkut, another incarnation of the star-god, Saturn.,AAAAAA==
824212,Kaiwan,A god in Assyrian legend, his name is interchangeable with Sakkut, another incarnation of the star-god, Saturn.,AAAAAA==
824221,Jatayu,The Hindu king of birds. In the Ramayana, he fought bravely against Ravana in an attempt to save Sita, Rama's wife and the seventh avatar of Vishnu, but lost.,AAAAAA==
824222,Jatayu,The Hindu king of birds. In the Ramayana, he fought bravely against Ravana in an attempt to save Sita, Rama's wife and the seventh avatar of Vishnu, but lost.,AAAAAA==
824231,Mithras,A sun deity who was worshipped in the Roman Empire from the 1st to the 4th century AD. He was said to be reborn after death, and a festival was held on the winter solstice for him.,AAAAAA==
824232,Lachesis,The middle sister of the three Moirae Sisters of Greek legend. She is the apportioner, measuring the thread which determines each person's lifespan.,AAAAAA==
824233,Jatayu,The Hindu king of birds. In the Ramayana, he fought bravely against Ravana in an attempt to save Sita, Rama's wife and the seventh avatar of Vishnu, but lost.,AAAAAA==
824234,Jatayu,The Hindu king of birds. In the Ramayana, he fought bravely against Ravana in an attempt to save Sita, Rama's wife and the seventh avatar of Vishnu, but lost.,AAAAAA==
824241,Kaiwan,A god in Assyrian legend, his name is interchangeable with Sakkut, another incarnation of the star-god, Saturn.,AAAAAA==
824242,Mothman,A cryptid sighted during the 60s-80s in West Virginia. It has shining red eyes and is named for the fin-like appendages on its sides. It uses its keen sense for blood to track down the source and feed on it.,AAAAAA==
824243,Mothman,A cryptid sighted during the 60s-80s in West Virginia. It has shining red eyes and is named for the fin-like appendages on its sides. It uses its keen sense for blood to track down the source and feed on it.,AAAAAA==
824251,Mithras,A sun deity who was worshipped in the Roman Empire from the 1st to the 4th century AD. He was said to be reborn after death, and a festival was held on the winter solstice for him.,AAAAAA==
824252,Mithras,A sun deity who was worshipped in the Roman Empire from the 1st to the 4th century AD. He was said to be reborn after death, and a festival was held on the winter solstice for him.,AAAAAA==
824261,Lachesis,The middle sister of the three Moirae Sisters of Greek legend. She is the apportioner, measuring the thread which determines each person's lifespan.,AAAAAA==
824262,Mothman,A cryptid sighted during the 60s-80s in West Virginia. It has shining red eyes and is named for the fin-like appendages on its sides. It uses its keen sense for blood to track down the source and feed on it.,AAAAAA==
824263,Mothman,A cryptid sighted during the 60s-80s in West Virginia. It has shining red eyes and is named for the fin-like appendages on its sides. It uses its keen sense for blood to track down the source and feed on it.,AAAAAA==
824311,Kaiwan,A god in Assyrian legend, his name is interchangeable with Sakkut, another incarnation of the star-god, Saturn.,AAAAAA==
824312,Kaiwan,A god in Assyrian legend, his name is interchangeable with Sakkut, another incarnation of the star-god, Saturn.,AAAAAA==
824321,Jatayu,The Hindu king of birds. In the Ramayana, he fought bravely against Ravana in an attempt to save Sita, Rama's wife and the seventh avatar of Vishnu, but lost.,AAAAAA==
824322,Jatayu,The Hindu king of birds. In the Ramayana, he fought bravely against Ravana in an attempt to save Sita, Rama's wife and the seventh avatar of Vishnu, but lost.,AAAAAA==
824331,Mithras,A sun deity who was worshipped in the Roman Empire from the 1st to the 4th century AD. He was said to be reborn after death, and a festival was held on the winter solstice for him.,AAAAAA==
824332,Lachesis,The middle sister of the three Moirae Sisters of Greek legend. She is the apportioner, measuring the thread which determines each person's lifespan.,AAAAAA==
824333,Jatayu,The Hindu king of birds. In the Ramayana, he fought bravely against Ravana in an attempt to save Sita, Rama's wife and the seventh avatar of Vishnu, but lost.,AAAAAA==
824334,Jatayu,The Hindu king of birds. In the Ramayana, he fought bravely against Ravana in an attempt to save Sita, Rama's wife and the seventh avatar of Vishnu, but lost.,AAAAAA==
824341,Kaiwan,A god in Assyrian legend, his name is interchangeable with Sakkut, another incarnation of the star-god, Saturn.,AAAAAA==
824342,Mothman,A cryptid sighted during the 60s-80s in West Virginia. It has shining red eyes and is named for the fin-like appendages on its sides. It uses its keen sense for blood to track down the source and feed on it.,AAAAAA==
824343,Mothman,A cryptid sighted during the 60s-80s in West Virginia. It has shining red eyes and is named for the fin-like appendages on its sides. It uses its keen sense for blood to track down the source and feed on it.,AAAAAA==
824351,Mithras,A sun deity who was worshipped in the Roman Empire from the 1st to the 4th century AD. He was said to be reborn after death, and a festival was held on the winter solstice for him.,AAAAAA==
824352,Mithras,A sun deity who was worshipped in the Roman Empire from the 1st to the 4th century AD. He was said to be reborn after death, and a festival was held on the winter solstice for him.,AAAAAA==
824361,Lachesis,The middle sister of the three Moirae Sisters of Greek legend. She is the apportioner, measuring the thread which determines each person's lifespan.,AAAAAA==
824362,Mothman,A cryptid sighted during the 60s-80s in West Virginia. It has shining red eyes and is named for the fin-like appendages on its sides. It uses its keen sense for blood to track down the source and feed on it.,AAAAAA==
824363,Mothman,A cryptid sighted during the 60s-80s in West Virginia. It has shining red eyes and is named for the fin-like appendages on its sides. It uses its keen sense for blood to track down the source and feed on it.,AAAAAA==
824411,Lachesis,The middle sister of the three Moirae Sisters of Greek legend. She is the apportioner, measuring the thread which determines each person's lifespan.,AAAAAA==
824421,Mothman,A cryptid sighted during the 60s-80s in West Virginia. It has shining red eyes and is named for the fin-like appendages on its sides. It uses its keen sense for blood to track down the source and feed on it.,AAAAAA==
824431,Mothman,A cryptid sighted during the 60s-80s in West Virginia. It has shining red eyes and is named for the fin-like appendages on its sides. It uses its keen sense for blood to track down the source and feed on it.,AAAAAA==
825011,Kaiwan,A god in Assyrian legend, his name is interchangeable with Sakkut, another incarnation of the star-god, Saturn.,AAAAAA==
825012,Kaiwan,A god in Assyrian legend, his name is interchangeable with Sakkut, another incarnation of the star-god, Saturn.,AAAAAA==
825021,Atropos,The eldest of the three Moirae Sisters of Greek mythology. She cuts the threads of life for those whose time has come.,AAAAAA==
825022,Lachesis,The middle sister of the three Moirae Sisters of Greek legend. She is the apportioner, measuring the thread which determines each person's lifespan.,AAAAAA==
825023,Lachesis,The middle sister of the three Moirae Sisters of Greek legend. She is the apportioner, measuring the thread which determines each person's lifespan.,AAAAAA==
825031,Principality,The seventh of the nine orders of angels. They guard cities and nations, and protect various religious figures.,AAAAAA==
825032,Kaiwan,A god in Assyrian legend, his name is interchangeable with Sakkut, another incarnation of the star-god, Saturn.,AAAAAA==
825033,Kaiwan,A god in Assyrian legend, his name is interchangeable with Sakkut, another incarnation of the star-god, Saturn.,AAAAAA==
825041,Power,The sixth of the nine orders of angels. It is said that they were the first order to be created. Their duty is to protect human souls from demons.,AAAAAA==
825042,Atropos,The eldest of the three Moirae Sisters of Greek mythology. She cuts the threads of life for those whose time has come.,AAAAAA==
825043,Atropos,The eldest of the three Moirae Sisters of Greek mythology. She cuts the threads of life for those whose time has come.,AAAAAA==
825051,Yurlungur,A snake with a rainbow body from Yolngu lore. He is a fertility deity who controls the weather and resides in a holy pond filled with rainbow-colored water.,AAAAAA==
825052,Yurlungur,A snake with a rainbow body from Yolngu lore. He is a fertility deity who controls the weather and resides in a holy pond filled with rainbow-colored water.,AAAAAA==
825053,Yurlungur,A snake with a rainbow body from Yolngu lore. He is a fertility deity who controls the weather and resides in a holy pond filled with rainbow-colored water.,AAAAAA==
825061,Principality,The seventh of the nine orders of angels. They guard cities and nations, and protect various religious figures.,AAAAAA==
825062,Yurlungur,A snake with a rainbow body from Yolngu lore. He is a fertility deity who controls the weather and resides in a holy pond filled with rainbow-colored water.,AAAAAA==
825063,Yurlungur,A snake with a rainbow body from Yolngu lore. He is a fertility deity who controls the weather and resides in a holy pond filled with rainbow-colored water.,AAAAAA==
825071,Power,The sixth of the nine orders of angels. It is said that they were the first order to be created. Their duty is to protect human souls from demons.,AAAAAA==
825072,Power,The sixth of the nine orders of angels. It is said that they were the first order to be created. Their duty is to protect human souls from demons.,AAAAAA==
825081,Principality,The seventh of the nine orders of angels. They guard cities and nations, and protect various religious figures.,AAAAAA==
825082,Kaiwan,A god in Assyrian legend, his name is interchangeable with Sakkut, another incarnation of the star-god, Saturn.,AAAAAA==
825083,Yurlungur,A snake with a rainbow body from Yolngu lore. He is a fertility deity who controls the weather and resides in a holy pond filled with rainbow-colored water.,AAAAAA==
825084,Yurlungur,A snake with a rainbow body from Yolngu lore. He is a fertility deity who controls the weather and resides in a holy pond filled with rainbow-colored water.,AAAAAA==
825091,Atropos,The eldest of the three Moirae Sisters of Greek mythology. She cuts the threads of life for those whose time has come.,AAAAAA==
825092,Yurlungur,A snake with a rainbow body from Yolngu lore. He is a fertility deity who controls the weather and resides in a holy pond filled with rainbow-colored water.,AAAAAA==
825093,Yurlungur,A snake with a rainbow body from Yolngu lore. He is a fertility deity who controls the weather and resides in a holy pond filled with rainbow-colored water.,AAAAAA==
825101,Jatayu,The Hindu king of birds. In the Ramayana, he fought bravely against Ravana in an attempt to save Sita, Rama's wife and the seventh avatar of Vishnu, but lost.,AAAAAA==
825102,Jatayu,The Hindu king of birds. In the Ramayana, he fought bravely against Ravana in an attempt to save Sita, Rama's wife and the seventh avatar of Vishnu, but lost.,AAAAAA==
825103,Yurlungur,A snake with a rainbow body from Yolngu lore. He is a fertility deity who controls the weather and resides in a holy pond filled with rainbow-colored water.,AAAAAA==
825104,Yurlungur,A snake with a rainbow body from Yolngu lore. He is a fertility deity who controls the weather and resides in a holy pond filled with rainbow-colored water.,AAAAAA==
825111,Principality,The seventh of the nine orders of angels. They guard cities and nations, and protect various religious figures.,AAAAAA==
825112,Mitra,An ancient Persian god of contracts. He was also revered as a harvest-bringing sun god when he was introduced to the Zoroastrian religion.,AAAAAA==
825113,Jatayu,The Hindu king of birds. In the Ramayana, he fought bravely against Ravana in an attempt to save Sita, Rama's wife and the seventh avatar of Vishnu, but lost.,AAAAAA==
825114,Jatayu,The Hindu king of birds. In the Ramayana, he fought bravely against Ravana in an attempt to save Sita, Rama's wife and the seventh avatar of Vishnu, but lost.,AAAAAA==
825211,Principality,The seventh of the nine orders of angels. They guard cities and nations, and protect various religious figures.,AAAAAA==
825212,Principality,The seventh of the nine orders of angels. They guard cities and nations, and protect various religious figures.,AAAAAA==
825221,Atropos,The eldest of the three Moirae Sisters of Greek mythology. She cuts the threads of life for those whose time has come.,AAAAAA==
825222,Power,The sixth of the nine orders of angels. It is said that they were the first order to be created. Their duty is to protect human souls from demons.,AAAAAA==
825231,Power,The sixth of the nine orders of angels. It is said that they were the first order to be created. Their duty is to protect human souls from demons.,AAAAAA==
825232,Power,The sixth of the nine orders of angels. It is said that they were the first order to be created. Their duty is to protect human souls from demons.,AAAAAA==
825241,Atropos,The eldest of the three Moirae Sisters of Greek mythology. She cuts the threads of life for those whose time has come.,AAAAAA==
825242,Lachesis,The middle sister of the three Moirae Sisters of Greek legend. She is the apportioner, measuring the thread which determines each person's lifespan.,AAAAAA==
825243,Isis,Osiris's wife as well as his younger sister. Upon the death of her husband, she revived him with her incredible magic power. Isis is seen at many gravesites as the guardian goddess of the dead.,AAAAAA==
825244,Lilim,A demon who tempts sleeping men and attacks infants. She is the daughter of the demoness, Lilith. Like her mother, she drains men of their essence.,AAAAAA==
825251,Atropos,The eldest of the three Moirae Sisters of Greek mythology. She cuts the threads of life for those whose time has come.,AAAAAA==
825252,Yurlungur,A snake with a rainbow body from Yolngu lore. He is a fertility deity who controls the weather and resides in a holy pond filled with rainbow-colored water.,AAAAAA==
825253,Yurlungur,A snake with a rainbow body from Yolngu lore. He is a fertility deity who controls the weather and resides in a holy pond filled with rainbow-colored water.,AAAAAA==
825261,Principality,The seventh of the nine orders of angels. They guard cities and nations, and protect various religious figures.,AAAAAA==
825262,Kaiwan,A god in Assyrian legend, his name is interchangeable with Sakkut, another incarnation of the star-god, Saturn.,AAAAAA==
825263,Yurlungur,A snake with a rainbow body from Yolngu lore. He is a fertility deity who controls the weather and resides in a holy pond filled with rainbow-colored water.,AAAAAA==
825311,Principality,The seventh of the nine orders of angels. They guard cities and nations, and protect various religious figures.,AAAAAA==
825312,Principality,The seventh of the nine orders of angels. They guard cities and nations, and protect various religious figures.,AAAAAA==
825321,Atropos,The eldest of the three Moirae Sisters of Greek mythology. She cuts the threads of life for those whose time has come.,AAAAAA==
825322,Power,The sixth of the nine orders of angels. It is said that they were the first order to be created. Their duty is to protect human souls from demons.,AAAAAA==
825331,Power,The sixth of the nine orders of angels. It is said that they were the first order to be created. Their duty is to protect human souls from demons.,AAAAAA==
825332,Power,The sixth of the nine orders of angels. It is said that they were the first order to be created. Their duty is to protect human souls from demons.,AAAAAA==
825341,Atropos,The eldest of the three Moirae Sisters of Greek mythology. She cuts the threads of life for those whose time has come.,AAAAAA==
825342,Lachesis,The middle sister of the three Moirae Sisters of Greek legend. She is the apportioner, measuring the thread which determines each person's lifespan.,AAAAAA==
825343,Isis,Osiris's wife as well as his younger sister. Upon the death of her husband, she revived him with her incredible magic power. Isis is seen at many gravesites as the guardian goddess of the dead.,AAAAAA==
825344,Lilim,A demon who tempts sleeping men and attacks infants. She is the daughter of the demoness, Lilith. Like her mother, she drains men of their essence.,AAAAAA==
825351,Atropos,The eldest of the three Moirae Sisters of Greek mythology. She cuts the threads of life for those whose time has come.,AAAAAA==
825352,Yurlungur,A snake with a rainbow body from Yolngu lore. He is a fertility deity who controls the weather and resides in a holy pond filled with rainbow-colored water.,AAAAAA==
825353,Yurlungur,A snake with a rainbow body from Yolngu lore. He is a fertility deity who controls the weather and resides in a holy pond filled with rainbow-colored water.,AAAAAA==
825361,Principality,The seventh of the nine orders of angels. They guard cities and nations, and protect various religious figures.,AAAAAA==
825362,Kaiwan,A god in Assyrian legend, his name is interchangeable with Sakkut, another incarnation of the star-god, Saturn.,AAAAAA==
825363,Yurlungur,A snake with a rainbow body from Yolngu lore. He is a fertility deity who controls the weather and resides in a holy pond filled with rainbow-colored water.,AAAAAA==
825511,Principality,The seventh of the nine orders of angels. They guard cities and nations, and protect various religious figures.,AAAAAA==
825521,Kaiwan,A god in Assyrian legend, his name is interchangeable with Sakkut, another incarnation of the star-god, Saturn.,AAAAAA==
825531,Yurlungur,A snake with a rainbow body from Yolngu lore. He is a fertility deity who controls the weather and resides in a holy pond filled with rainbow-colored water.,AAAAAA==
827011,Stone of Scone,Also known as the Stone of Destiny,it is a stone used in the coronations of Scotland's monarchs. Legends say the stone is linked to angels.,AAAAAA==
827021,Stone of Scone,Also known as the Stone of Destiny,it is a stone used in the coronations of Scotland's monarchs. Legends say the stone is linked to angels.,AAAAAA==
827031,Stone of Scone,Also known as the Stone of Destiny,it is a stone used in the coronations of Scotland's monarchs. Legends say the stone is linked to angels.,AAAAAA==
827041,Stone of Scone,Also known as the Stone of Destiny,it is a stone used in the coronations of Scotland's monarchs. Legends say the stone is linked to angels.,AAAAAA==
827051,Stone of Scone,Also known as the Stone of Destiny,it is a stone used in the coronations of Scotland's monarchs. Legends say the stone is linked to angels.,AAAAAA==
829011,Hell Biker,A motorcyclist whose violent nature turned him into a demon. His anger with himself and the world causes him to lash out, that everyone else would suffer as well.,1. At the end of each turn, Hell Biker will inflict Hellscorched on a random Phantom Thief.
Hellscorched: Lose a large amount of HP at the end of each turn. Stacks up to 3 times. Can be removed after taking <color=#FF423F>Ice</color> damage.
2. Victory is achieved when Hell Biker is defeated.
829012,Jack Frost,A winter fairy of European descent. He leaves ice patterns on windows and nips people's noses. Though normally an innocent creature, he will freeze his victims to death if provoked.,Jack Frost will not attack unprovoked and cannot be defeated. When damaged, he will immediately use <color=#72C5FF>Bufu</color> on the attacker, dealing a small amount of <color=#FF423F>Ice</color> damage.
829021,Hell Biker,A motorcyclist whose violent nature turned him into a demon. His anger with himself and the world causes him to lash out, that everyone else would suffer as well.,At the end of each turn, Hell Biker will inflict Hellscorched on all targets.
Hellscorched: Lose a large amount of HP at the end of each turn. Stacks up to 3 times. Can be removed after taking <color=#FF423F>Ice</color> damage.
829022,Jack Frost,A winter fairy of European descent. He leaves ice patterns on windows and nips people's noses. Though normally an innocent creature, he will freeze his victims to death if provoked.,Jack Frost will not attack unprovoked. When defeated, he will immediately deal a small amount of <color=#FF423F>Ice</color> damage to all Phantom Thieves.
829031,Unicorn,A legendary white horse with a single spiral horn. It can only be tamed by a pure maiden, and its horn supposedly has miraculous healing capabilities.,1. At the start of battle, Unicorn gains 5 Purity stacks.
2. When Unicorn receives a buff or healing, it gains 1 more Purity stack.
Purity: Increases Attack and Defense. When Purity reaches 10 stacks, Unicorn unleashes its Holy Power.
Holy Power: Deals heavy damage to all Phantom Thieves and fully restores all Shadows' HP.
3. Every turn, Unicorn randomly summons Nigi Mitama, Saki Mitama, Kushi Mitama, or Ara Mitama, which each grant Unicorn various buffs.
4. When Unicorn takes most <color=#FF423F>debuffs</color>, it loses 2 Purity stacks.
829032,Saki Mitama,One of the four aspects of Shinto thought, it brings great bounty from the hunt. It is said to aid in love, profit, and growth, and can create new paths.,AAAAAA==
829033,Nigi Mitama,One of the four aspects of Shinto thought, it works gently to help maintain a calm mind. It is said to aid in one's relations and sociability, and can lead one in a positive direction.,AAAAAA==
829034,Kushi Mitama,One of the four aspects of Shinto thought, it uses its power to bring blessings related to healing illnesses and staying healthy. It is said to have supernatural powers and cause mysterious events.,AAAAAA==
829035,Ara Mitama,One of the four aspects of Shinto thought, it has the power to grant ferocity. It is said to aid in one's bravery, growth, and endeavors, though it can lead in a negative direction.,AAAAAA==
829041,Unicorn,A legendary white horse with a single spiral horn. It can only be tamed by a pure maiden, and its horn supposedly has miraculous healing capabilities.,1. At the start of battle, Unicorn gains 5 Purity stacks.
2. When Unicorn receives a buff or healing, it gains 1 more Purity stack.
Purity: Increases Attack and Defense. When Purity reaches 10 stacks, Unicorn unleashes its Holy Power.
Holy Power: Deals heavy damage to all Phantom Thieves and fully restores all Shadows' HP.
3. When all 4 Nigi Mitama, Saki Mitama, Kushi Mitama or Ara Mitama aren't on the field, Unicorn uses 3 Purity stacks to summon 1 Shadow.
829042,Saki Mitama,One of the four aspects of Shinto thought, it brings great bounty from the hunt. It is said to aid in love, profit, and growth, and can create new paths.,AAAAAA==
829043,Nigi Mitama,One of the four aspects of Shinto thought, it works gently to help maintain a calm mind. It is said to aid in one's relations and sociability, and can lead one in a positive direction.,AAAAAA==
829044,Kushi Mitama,One of the four aspects of Shinto thought, it uses its power to bring blessings related to healing illnesses and staying healthy. It is said to have supernatural powers and cause mysterious events.,AAAAAA==
829045,Ara Mitama,One of the four aspects of Shinto thought, it has the power to grant ferocity. It is said to aid in one's bravery, growth, and endeavors, though it can lead in a negative direction.,AAAAAA==
829051,Daisoujou,A monk who died while fasting, his spiritual power allows his body to continue to exist without rotting. It is said that he will appear before people on the day of salvation.,1. Daisoujou cannot be targeted by the Phantom Thieves, and cannot be defeated.
2. At the start of the battle, Daisoujou's HP is only 1% of the maximum, and each turn it will use Sokushin. Sokushin: Deals Almighty damage to all Phantom Thieves based on their current HP percentage, and consumes a certain amount of SP. Also restores the same amount of HP to Daisoujou.
3. Shadows will continously appear on the field, and deal a set amount of damage to Daisoujou.
4. Victory is acheived if Daisoujou's HP is healed to 100%. The battle is lost if Daisoujou's HP is too low. Quickly defeat the Shadows while protecting Daisoujou.
829052,Shadows,-,AAAAAA==
829053,Shadows,-,AAAAAA==
829061,Daisoujou,A monk who died while fasting, his spiritual power allows his body to continue to exist without rotting. It is said that he will appear before people on the day of salvation.,1. Daisoujou cannot be targeted by the Phantom Thieves, and cannot be defeated.
2. Shadows and Sarasvati will appear on the field. Shadows will deal a set amount of damage to Daisoujou, and Sarasvati will heal Daisoujou.
3. At the start of the battle, Daisoujou has 1% of its max HP. Victory is acheived if Daisoujou's HP is healed to 100%. The battle is lost if Daisoujou's HP is too low.
4. <color=#72C5FF>Quickly defeat the Shadows</color> while <color=#72C5FF>protecting Sarasvati</color>.
829062,Shadows,-,AAAAAA==
829063,Sarasvati,The Hindu goddess of rivers, and patron of speech, writing, learning, the arts, and sciences. Brahma is her husband.,AAAAAA==
829064,Shadows,-,AAAAAA==
829065,Sarasvati,The Hindu goddess of rivers, and patron of speech, writing, learning, the arts, and sciences. Brahma is her husband.,AAAAAA==
829071,Pazuzu,The Babylonian lord of wind and scorching sands. He has the body of a man, a lion's head, the claws and wings of an eagle, and has a deadly poison. The diseases he spreads can only be cured with magic.,1. Pazuzu's skills can inflict Plague Curse. Plague Curse: Deals damage equal to 5% of HP at the end of the turn.
2. Pazuzu uses Spreading Sickness every other turn. Spreading Sickness: Inflicts 2 Plague Curse stacks on all Phantom Thieves, with a high chance of inflicting spiritual ailments.
3. Pazuzu uses Eternal Binding every turn. Eternal Binding: Inflicts 2 Plague Curse stacks on all Phantom Thieves, and removes 1 Plague Curse stack from the target.
829072,Pale Rider,One of the Four Horsemen of the Apocalypse, he rides a pale horse and represents death. He has the power to destroy life.,When Pale Rider attacks, it inflicts 1 Plague Curse stack on Shadows. While Pale Rider is present, Pazuzu's final damage taken is reduced by 30%.
829073,Pale Rider,One of the Four Horsemen of the Apocalypse, he rides a pale horse and represents death. He has the power to destroy life.,When Pale Rider attacks, it inflicts 1 Plague Curse stack on Shadows. While Pale Rider is present, Pazuzu's final damage taken is reduced by 30%.
829074,Sudama,A spirit of rivers and mountains in Japanese lore, it dwells in ancient trees and ageless rocks. They are not evil, and will often appear as humans or supernatural wonders to warn people.,When Sudama is defeated, all Phantom Thieves' ailment resistance is increased by 100% for 2 turns.
829075,Sudama,A spirit of rivers and mountains in Japanese lore, it dwells in ancient trees and ageless rocks. They are not evil, and will often appear as humans or supernatural wonders to warn people.,When Sudama is defeated, all Phantom Thieves' ailment resistance is increased by 100% for 2 turns.
829081,Pazuzu,The Babylonian lord of wind and scorching sands. He has the body of a man, a lion's head, the claws and wings of an eagle, and has a deadly poison. The diseases he spreads can only be cured with magic.,1. Pazuzu's skills can inflict Plague Curse. Plague Curse: Deals damage equal to 5% of HP at the end of the turn.
2. Pazuzu uses Spreading Sickness every turn. Spreading Sickness: Inflicts 2 Plague Curse stacks on all Phantom Thieves, and inflicts 2 Plague Curse stacks on Pixie.
3. Pazuzu uses Eternal Binding every turn. Eternal Binding: Inflicts 2 Plague Curse stacks on all Phantom Thieves, and removes 1 Plague Curse stack from the target.
829082,Pale Rider,One of the Four Horsemen of the Apocalypse, he rides a pale horse and represents death. He has the power to destroy life.,When Pale Rider attacks, it inflicts 1 Plague Curse stack on Shadows. While Pale Rider is present, Pazuzu's final damage taken is reduced by 30%.
829083,Pale Rider,One of the Four Horsemen of the Apocalypse, he rides a pale horse and represents death. He has the power to destroy life.,When Pale Rider attacks, it inflicts 1 Plague Curse stack on Shadows. While Pale Rider is present, Pazuzu's final damage taken is reduced by 30%.
829084,Pixie,Friendly fairies of the forest that tend to hide from humans. They like to play tricks on lazy people. It is said they are the souls of dead, unbaptized children.,When Pixie uses skills, all Phantom Thieves have 1 Plague Curse stack removed.
829085,Pixie,Friendly fairies of the forest that tend to hide from humans. They like to play tricks on lazy people. It is said they are the souls of dead, unbaptized children.,When Pixie uses skills, all Phantom Thieves have 1 Plague Curse stack removed.
829091,Pazuzu,The Babylonian lord of wind and scorching sands. He has the body of a man, a lion's head, the claws and wings of an eagle, and has a deadly poison. The diseases he spreads can only be cured with magic.,1. Pazuzu's skills can inflict Plague Curse. Plague Curse: Deals damage equal to 5% of HP at the end of the turn.
2. Pazuzu uses Spreading Sickness every other turn. Spreading Sickness: Inflicts Plague Origin on 1 Black Ooze.
3. After a Shadow with Plague Origin attacks, all Phantom Thieves are inflicted with 2 Plague Curse stacks. After being defeated, Pazuzu is inflicted with 2 Plague Curse stacks.
4. Pazuzu uses Eternal Binding every other turn. Eternal Binding: Inflicts 2 Plague Curse stacks on all Phantom Thieves, and removes 1 Plague Curse stack from the target.
829092,Black Ooze,A mass of malevolent intent and emotion that failed to become a true demon. All it does is eat, prey, and grow.,AAAAAA==
829093,Black Ooze,A mass of malevolent intent and emotion that failed to become a true demon. All it does is eat, prey, and grow.,AAAAAA==
829094,Black Ooze,A mass of malevolent intent and emotion that failed to become a true demon. All it does is eat, prey, and grow.,AAAAAA==
829095,Black Ooze,A mass of malevolent intent and emotion that failed to become a true demon. All it does is eat, prey, and grow.,AAAAAA==
829101,Horus,An ancient god of Egypt whose eyes are the sun and moon. Revered by some as the chief god, he is often depicted as a hawk or a falcon.,1. Horus is blessed by the Sun God, and at the end of each turn it gains 1 Power of the Sun stack.
Power of the Sun: Damage taken decreased by 20%.
2. If Horus has Power of the Sun at the beginning of its turn, it deals heavy Almighty damage to all Phantom Thieves. Damage increases based on the number of Power of the Sun stacks.
3. Kushi Mitama is empowered by the Moon God, and removes 1 Power of the Sun stack from Horus every turn. In exchange, it loses 34% of its max HP.
829102,Nigi Mitama,One of the four aspects of Shinto thought, it works gently to help maintain a calm mind. It is said to aid in one's relations and sociability, and can lead one in a positive direction.,AAAAAA==
829103,Kushi Mitama,One of the four aspects of Shinto thought, it uses its power to bring blessings related to healing illnesses and staying healthy. It is said to have supernatural powers and cause mysterious events.,AAAAAA==
829111,Horus,An ancient god of Egypt whose eyes are the sun and moon. Revered by some as the chief god, he is often depicted as a hawk or a falcon.,1. Horus is blessed by the Sun God, and at the end of each turn it gains 1 Power of the Sun stack.
Power of the Sun: Damage taken decreased by 20%.
2. If Horus has Power of the Sun at the beginning of its turn, it deals heavy Almighty damage to all Phantom Thieves. Damage increases based on the number of Power of the Sun stacks.
3. Kushi Mitama has the power of the Moon God, and removes 1 Power of the Sun stack from Horus every turn. In exchange, it loses 34% of its max HP.
4. Ara Mitama is empowered by the Sun God, and when it is defeated, Horus gains 3 Power of the Sun stacks.
829112,Ara Mitama,One of the four aspects of Shinto thought, it works gently to help maintain a calm mind. It is said to aid in one's relations and sociability, and can lead one in a positive direction.,AAAAAA==
829113,Kushi Mitama,One of the four aspects of Shinto thought, it uses its power to bring blessings related to healing illnesses and staying healthy. It is said to have supernatural powers and cause mysterious events.,AAAAAA==
829121,Horus,An ancient god of Egypt whose eyes are the sun and moon. Revered by some as the chief god, he is often depicted as a hawk or a falcon.,1. Horus is blessed by the Sun God, and at the end of each turn it gains 1 Power of the Sun stack.
Power of the Sun: Final damage taken decreased by 20%.
2. If Horus has Power of the Sun at the beginning of its turn, it deals heavy Almighty damage to all Phantom Thieves. Damage increases based on the number of Power of the Sun stacks.
3. Kushi Mitama is empowered by the Moon God, and removes 1 Power of the Sun stack from Horus every turn. In exchange, it loses 34% of its max HP.
4. Saki Mitama is empowered by the Sun God, and each turn grants 1 Power of the Sun stack to Horus. If it is defeated, Horus loses all Power of the Sun stacks.
5. Saki Mitama removes all continuous damage effects on itself at the start of its turn. For each effect removed, it takes 3% of its max HP as damage (this is affected by its final damage reduction).
6. Saki Mitama has Protection of Horus, which decreases damage taken outside of its own turn by 60%, but increases damage taken during its own turn by 300%.
7. If only Kushi Mitama remains on the field, it transforms into Seth and takes control of the field.
829122,Saki Mitama,One of the four aspects of Shinto thought, it works gently to help maintain a calm mind. It is said to aid in one's relations and sociability, and can lead one in a positive direction.,AAAAAA==
829123,Kushi Mitama,One of the four aspects of Shinto thought, it uses its power to bring blessings related to healing illnesses and staying healthy. It is said to have supernatural powers and cause mysterious events.,AAAAAA==
829124,Seth,The Egyptian god of the desert, chaos, and evil. He murdered his brother, Osiris, and tried to become chief god, but he was castrated by Osiris's son, Horus.,AAAAAA==
829711,White Rider,One of the Four Horsemen of the Apocalypse, he rides a white horse with a bow in hand. A crown was granted to him, and he promises victory.,White Rider will use <color=#72C5FF>White Pestilence</color>.
White Pestilence: All Phantom Thieves lose a certain amount of HP, and 3 random Phantom Thieves are inflicted with Pestilence, causing them to lose a certain amount of HP each turn. Lasts for 3 turns. Stacks up to 5 times.
829712,Mothman,A cryptid sighted during the 60s-80s in West Virginia. It has shining red eyes and is named for the fin-like appendages on its sides. It uses its keen sense for blood to track down the source and feed on it.,AAAAAA==
829713,Mothman,A cryptid sighted during the 60s-80s in West Virginia. It has shining red eyes and is named for the fin-like appendages on its sides. It uses its keen sense for blood to track down the source and feed on it.,AAAAAA==
829721,Red Rider,One of the Four Horsemen of the Apocalypse, he rides a red horse and carries a great sword. He has the power to destroy peace and make men slay one another.,Red Rider will use <color=#72C5FF>Red War</color>.
Red War: Increases damage of all Shadows. Can be stacked. Also, has a chance to inflict Rage on 2 random Phantom Thieves. Lasts for 2 turns.
829722,Mitra,An ancient Persian god of contracts. He was also revered as a harvest-bringing sun god when he was introduced to the Zoroastrian religion.,AAAAAA==
829723,Mitra,An ancient Persian god of contracts. He was also revered as a harvest-bringing sun god when he was introduced to the Zoroastrian religion.,AAAAAA==
829731,Trumpeter,Angels that sound the trumpets at the time of the apocalypse. As each trumpet sounds, the more plagues and disasters will occur, turning the earth into a land of death and suffering.,1. Trumpeter cannot be targeted by the Phantom Thieves and will not attack.
2. Trumpeter uses <color=#72C5FF>Horn of the End</color> to instantly activate ally Shadows' skills.
3. If all other Shadows are defeated, Trumpeter becomes targetable and activates<color=#72C5FF>Horn of Ruin</color> after 2 turns of Aria.
Horn of Ruin: Sacrifices user to resummon all defeated Shadows, greatly strengthening their abilities and dealing heavy damage to all Phantom Thieves.
829732,Mothman,A cryptid sighted during the 60s-80s in West Virginia. It has shining red eyes and is named for the fin-like appendages on its sides. It uses its keen sense for blood to track down the source and feed on it.,AAAAAA==
829733,Mitra,An ancient Persian god of contracts. He was also revered as a harvest-bringing sun god when he was introduced to the Zoroastrian religion.,AAAAAA==
829734,Kaiwan,A god in Assyrian legend, his name is interchangeable with Sakkut, another incarnation of the star-god, Saturn.,AAAAAA==
829735,Kumbhanda,A Buddhist demon said to drain human life energy. He has dark skin, stands three meters tall, and sometimes changes his shape to a gourd. Known to have once served Rudra, the god of storms.,AAAAAA==
829741,Black Rider,One of the Four Horsemen of the Apocalypse, he rides a black horse and carries scales. He brings famine and has the right to end lives through suffering.,Black Rider will use <color=#72C5FF>Black Famine</color>.
Black Famine: Inflicts Famine on all Phantom Thieves, decreasing their Attack and increasing the cost of skills. Lasts for 1 turn. Stacks up to 2 times.
829742,Pale Rider,One of the Four Horsemen of the Apocalypse, he rides a pale horse and represents death. He has the power to destroy life.,Pale Rider will use <color=#72C5FF>Pale Death</color>.
Pale Death: Deals damage based on current HP percentage to 1 Phantom Thief, and inflicts Despair. Lasts for 3 turns.
829743,Kaiwan,A god in Assyrian legend, his name is interchangeable with Sakkut, another incarnation of the star-god, Saturn.,AAAAAA==
829744,Kumbhanda,A Buddhist demon said to drain human life energy. He has dark skin, stands three meters tall, and sometimes changes his shape to a gourd. Known to have once served Rudra, the god of storms.,AAAAAA==
829751,Trumpeter,Angels that sound the trumpets at the time of the apocalypse. As each trumpet sounds, the more plagues and disasters will occur, turning the earth into a land of death and suffering.,1. Trumpeter cannot be targeted by the Phantom Thieves and will not attack.
2. Trumpeter uses <color=#72C5FF>Horn of the End</color> to instantly activate ally Shadows' skills.
3. If all other Shadows are defeated, Trumpeter becomes targetable and activates<color=#72C5FF>Horn of Ruin</color> after 2 turns of Aria.
Horn of Ruin: Sacrifices user to resummon all defeated Shadows, greatly strengthening their abilities and dealing heavy damage to all Phantom Thieves.
829752,White Rider,One of the Four Horsemen of the Apocalypse, he rides a white horse with a bow in hand. A crown was granted to him, and he promises victory.,White Rider will use <color=#72C5FF>White Pestilence</color>.
White Pestilence: All Phantom Thieves lose a certain amount of HP, and 3 random Phantom Thieves are inflicted with Pestilence, causing them to lose a certain amount of HP each turn. Lasts for 3 turns. Stacks up to 5 times.
829753,Red Rider,One of the Four Horsemen of the Apocalypse, he rides a red horse and carries a great sword. He has the power to destroy peace and make men slay one another.,Red Rider will use <color=#72C5FF>Red War</color>.
Red War: Increases damage of all Shadows. Can be stacked. Also, has a chance to inflict Rage on 2 random Phantom Thieves. Lasts for 2 turns.
829754,Black Rider,One of the Four Horsemen of the Apocalypse, he rides a black horse and carries scales. He brings famine and has the right to end lives through suffering.,Black Rider will use <color=#72C5FF>Black Famine</color>.
Black Famine: Inflicts Famine on all Phantom Thieves, decreasing their Attack and increasing the cost of skills. Lasts for 1 turn. Stacks up to 2 times.
829755,Pale Rider,One of the Four Horsemen of the Apocalypse, he rides a pale horse and represents death. He has the power to destroy life.,Pale Rider will use <color=#72C5FF>Pale Death</color>.
Pale Death: Deals damage based on current HP percentage to 1 Phantom Thief, and inflicts Despair. Lasts for 3 turns.
750011,Hua Po,A spirit of Chinese folklore who dwells in trees once used for hangings. She is smaller than a human and cannot speak, but her voice is said to be as clear and as beautiful as a bird's song.,AAAAAA==
750012,Pixie,Friendly fairies of the forest that tend to hide from humans. They like to play tricks on lazy people. It is said they are the souls of dead, unbaptized children.,AAAAAA==
750021,Suzaku,One of the Ssu-Ling, celestial creatures of Chinese myth. It is a giant bird that is said to chirp in five beautiful voices. It represents the direction south, the season of summer, and the element of fire.,AAAAAA==
750022,Jack Frost,A winter fairy of European descent. He leaves ice patterns on windows and nips people's noses. Though normally an innocent creature, he will freeze his victims to death if provoked.,AAAAAA==
750031,Phoenix,The legendary bird of Chinese myth, said to appear only in times of peace. It is the ruler of all birds. When it dies, birds across the land chirp with sadness.,AAAAAA==
750032,Saki Mitama,One of the four aspects of Shinto thought, it brings great bounty from the hunt. It is said to aid in love, profit, and growth, and can create new paths.,AAAAAA==
750041,Isis,Osiris's wife as well as his younger sister. Upon the death of her husband, she revived him with her incredible magic power. Isis is seen at many gravesites as the guardian goddess of the dead.,AAAAAA==
750042,Sudama,A spirit of rivers and mountains in Japanese lore, it dwells in ancient trees and ageless rocks. They are not evil, and will often appear as humans or supernatural wonders to warn people.,AAAAAA==
750051,Orobas,One of the 72 demons of the Goetia. Known as the Prince of Hell, he appears as a horse and answers questions of the past, present, and future. He is faithful to his conjurer.,AAAAAA==
750052,Angel,Ninth of the nineorders of angels.They are closest in nature to humans.They watch over individuals and warn those who stray from the path.,AAAAAA==
750061,Koropokguru,Small human-like creatures that have kind, calm personalities. Once coexisting with the Ainu people of Japan, there was a falling out at some point, and they disappeared.,AAAAAA==
750071,Koppa Tengu,A type of tengu. Their spiritual power is weaker than other tengu, so they are much smaller. They are said to be the reincarnations of long-lived wolves.,AAAAAA==
750081,Obariyon,A piggyback monster" of Japan that jumps on the backs of those who pass grassy paths. It is heavy and not easily removed	 but will turn into gold coins if you can carry it back home.	AAAAAA==
750091	Mokoi	Evil spirits of Murngin lore believed to be reborn shadows. They kidnap and eat children	 and strike down any sorcerer who uses black magic.	AAAAAA==
750101	Apsaras	Hindu water spirits	 they are beautiful young women who dance for the gods. They also guide heroes fallen in battle to paradise.	AAAAAA==
750102	Kodama	Japanese plant spirits born from trees that have lived for a hundred years. Cutting down one of these trees is said to cause misfortune.	AAAAAA==
750111	Berith	One of the 72 demons of the Goetia. Known as the Duke of Hell	 he rides a gigantic horse and burns those without manners.	AAAAAA==
750112	Agathion	A general term for familiars used by Judeo-Christian magicians	 they are usually sealed away in bottles	 rings	 or talismans. They torment the target selected by the conjuror.	AAAAAA==
750121	Isis	Osiris's wife as well as his younger sister. Upon the death of her husband	 she revived him with her incredible magic power. Isis is seen at many gravesites as the guardian goddess of the dead.	AAAAAA==
750122	Shiisaa	A holy beast said to protect houses from evil and bring good fortune. They look similar to Shinto guardian dogs	 but are actually modeled after a lion. There are many stories about it in Ryukyu lore.	AAAAAA==
750131	Rakshasa	A Hindu demon. He is an enemy of the gods and attacks humans to feed off of them. His hideous appearance strikes fear into those who see him. Rakshasa shape-shifts to deceive his enemies.	AAAAAA==
750132	High Pixie	The leader of a swarm of pixies. Any pixie in a leadership role or with remarkable power is called by this name.	AAAAAA==
750141	Silky	A fairy of England and Scotland. She carries out household chores while everyone sleeps and is a welcome spirit. It is said you can hear her silk skirt rustle as she works.	AAAAAA==
750142	Succubus	A female demon of European lore in medieval times. They visit sleeping men and have sexual intercourse with them. The victims don't wake up but may dream of the encounter.	AAAAAA==
750151	Berith	One of the 72 demons of the Goetia. Known as the Duke of Hell	 he rides a gigantic horse and burns those without manners.	AAAAAA==
750152	Apsaras	Hindu water spirits	 they are beautiful young women who dance for the gods. They also guide heroes fallen in battle to paradise.	AAAAAA==
750161	Inugami	A dog spirit said to possess people in Japanese lore. Those possessed are in a state of "inu-tsuki" and lose consciousness. Onmyoji use Inugami as familiars.	AAAAAA==
750162	Makami	A divine wolf god in Japanese folklore	 also written as "Oguchi-no-Magami." It is often drawn on prayer boards to prevent fires and thefts	 but it is also feared as a human-eater.	AAAAAA==
750171	Sudama	A spirit of rivers and mountains in Japanese lore	 it dwells in ancient trees and ageless rocks. They are not evil	 and will often appear as humans or supernatural wonders to warn people.	AAAAAA==
750172	Kodama	Japanese plant spirits born from trees that have lived for a hundred years. Cutting down one of these trees is said to cause misfortune.	AAAAAA==
750181	Nekomata	Long-lived cats are said to become these malevolent cat demons. Their powers vary according to how long they have lived	 ranging from shape-shifting to controlling the dead.	AAAAAA==
750182	Koppa Tengu	A type of tengu. Their spiritual power is weaker than other tengu	 so they are much smaller. They are said to be the reincarnations of long-lived wolves.	AAAAAA==
750191	Nue	A creature of Japanese lore with a monkey's head	 tiger's legs	 and snake's tail. The Tale of Heike says it hid behind a dark cloud each night to attack the Emperor.	AAAAAA==
750192	Orthrus	The two-headed pet dog belonging to the giant Geryon of Greek myth. He guarded a herd of red oxen but was killed by Hercules during one of his twelve labors.	AAAAAA==
750201	Phoenix	The legendary bird of Chinese myth	 said to appear only in times of peace. It is the ruler of all birds. When it dies	 birds across the land chirp with sadness.	AAAAAA==
750202	Suzaku	One of the Ssu-Ling	 celestial creatures of Chinese myth. It is a giant bird that is said to chirp in five beautiful voices. It represents the direction south	 the season of summer	 and the element of fire.	AAAAAA==
750211	Angel	Ninth of the nineorders of angels.They are closest in nature to humans.They watch over individuals and warn those who stray from the path.	AAAAAA==
750212	Orobas	One of the 72 demons of the Goetia. Known as the Prince of Hell	 he appears as a horse and answers questions of the past	 present	 and future. He is faithful to his conjurer.	AAAAAA==
750221	Rakshasa	A Hindu demon. He is an enemy of the gods and attacks humans to feed off of them. His hideous appearance strikes fear into those who see him. Rakshasa shape-shifts to deceive his enemies.	AAAAAA==
750222	Koppa Tengu	A type of tengu. Their spiritual power is weaker than other tengu	 so they are much smaller. They are said to be the reincarnations of long-lived wolves.	AAAAAA==
750231	Incubus	A male demon of European lore in medieval times. They visit sleeping women and have sexual intercourse with them. The resulting children become witches or wizards.	AAAAAA==
750232	Succubus	A female demon of European lore in medieval times. They visit sleeping men and have sexual intercourse with them. The victims don't wake up but may dream of the encounter.	AAAAAA==
750241	High Pixie	The leader of a swarm of pixies. Any pixie in a leadership role or with remarkable power is called by this name.	AAAAAA==
750251	Phoenix	The legendary bird of Chinese myth	 said to appear only in times of peace. It is the ruler of all birds. When it dies	 birds across the land chirp with sadness.	AAAAAA==
750252	Suzaku	One of the Ssu-Ling	 celestial creatures of Chinese myth. It is a giant bird that is said to chirp in five beautiful voices. It represents the direction south	 the season of summer	 and the element of fire.	AAAAAA==
750253	High Pixie	The leader of a swarm of pixies. Any pixie in a leadership role or with remarkable power is called by this name.	AAAAAA==
750261	Orobas	One of the 72 demons of the Goetia. Known as the Prince of Hell	 he appears as a horse and answers questions of the past	 present	 and future. He is faithful to his conjurer.	AAAAAA==
750262	Rakshasa	A Hindu demon. He is an enemy of the gods and attacks humans to feed off of them. His hideous appearance strikes fear into those who see him. Rakshasa shape-shifts to deceive his enemies.	AAAAAA==
750263	Nigi Mitama	One of the four aspects of Shinto thought	 it works gently to help maintain a calm mind. It is said to aid in one's relations and sociability	 and can lead one in a positive direction.	AAAAAA==
750271	Yaksini	A female demon in Hindu lore. Though originally a Dravidian fertility goddess	 the spread of Hinduism changed perception of her to a demonic figure. Usually depicted as a nude	 voluptuous female.	AAAAAA==
750272	Nekomata	Long-lived cats are said to become these malevolent cat demons. Their powers vary according to how long they have lived	 ranging from shape-shifting to controlling the dead.	AAAAAA==
750273	Shiisaa	A holy beast said to protect houses from evil and bring good fortune. They look similar to Shinto guardian dogs	 but are actually modeled after a lion. There are many stories about it in Ryukyu lore.	AAAAAA==
750281	Berith	One of the 72 demons of the Goetia. Known as the Duke of Hell	 he rides a gigantic horse and burns those without manners.	AAAAAA==
750282	Angel	Ninth of the nineorders of angels.They are closest in nature to humans.They watch over individuals and warn those who stray from the path.	AAAAAA==
750283	Kodama	Japanese plant spirits born from trees that have lived for a hundred years. Cutting down one of these trees is said to cause misfortune.	AAAAAA==
750291	Jack Frost	A winter fairy of European descent. He leaves ice patterns on windows and nips people's noses. Though normally an innocent creature	 he will freeze his victims to death if provoked.	AAAAAA==
750292	Mokoi	Evil spirits of Murngin lore believed to be reborn shadows. They kidnap and eat children	 and strike down any sorcerer who uses black magic.	AAAAAA==
750293	Agathion	A general term for familiars used by Judeo-Christian magicians	 they are usually sealed away in bottles	 rings	 or talismans. They torment the target selected by the conjuror.	AAAAAA==
750301	Apsaras	Hindu water spirits	 they are beautiful young women who dance for the gods. They also guide heroes fallen in battle to paradise.	AAAAAA==
750302	Succubus	A female demon of European lore in medieval times. They visit sleeping men and have sexual intercourse with them. The victims don't wake up but may dream of the encounter.	AAAAAA==
750303	Onmoraki	A monstrous	 fire spitting	 Japanese bird with a man's face. It is actually a corpse that was not given a proper memorial service. They appear before monks who neglect their duties.	AAAAAA==
750311	Clotho	The youngest of the three Moirae Sisters of Greek legend. She spins the threads of life with her spindle.	AAAAAA==
750312	Kikuri-Hime	The goddess of life in Shinto myth. She once mediated between Izanagi and Izanami during their confrontation in Yomi	 the land of the dead.	AAAAAA==
750321	Lachesis	The middle sister of the three Moirae Sisters of Greek legend. She is the apportioner	 measuring the thread which determines each person's lifespan.	AAAAAA==
750322	Neko Shogun	A prophetic Taoist god	 originally known as Mao Shogun. Due to a linguistic error involving the Chinese word for "cat	 his name was changed to Neko Shogun.,AAAAAA==
750331,Thoth,Egyptian moon god that takes the form of a baboon, he is the one who measures time. He gave Isis the power to resurrect Osiris after he was killed by the evil god Seth.,AAAAAA==
750332,Kaiwan,A god in Assyrian legend, his name is interchangeable with Sakkut, another incarnation of the star-god, Saturn.,AAAAAA==
750341,Red Rider,One of the Four Horsemen of the Apocalypse, he rides a red horse and carries a great sword. He has the power to destroy peace and make men slay one another.,AAAAAA==
750342,Jikokuten,Also known as Dhritarashtra, he is the protector of the East, and is one of the four Heavenly Kings of Buddhist origin. He helps maintain the security of the nation.,AAAAAA==
750351,Atropos,The eldest of the three Moirae Sisters of Greek mythology. She cuts the threads of life for those whose time has come.,AAAAAA==
750352,Sandman,A fairy in German folklore who carries a bag of magical sand, which puts humans to sleep when thrown into their eyes. If the victim resists, the Sandman will sit on their eyelids.,AAAAAA==
750361,Koumokuten,Also known as Virupaksha, he is the protector of the West, and is one of the four Heavenly Kings of Buddhist origin. He keeps a close watch on the world with his sharp gaze.,AAAAAA==
750362,Naga,Half-snake, half-human divine beings in Hindu lore, worshipped as bringers of rain. They live in the bottoms of lakes and seas, singing and dancing when they are not fighting.,AAAAAA==
750371,Jikokuten,Also known as Dhritarashtra, he is the protector of the East, and is one of the four Heavenly Kings of Buddhist origin. He helps maintain the security of the nation.,AAAAAA==
750372,Yurlungur,A snake with a rainbow body from Yolngu lore. He is a fertility deity who controls the weather and resides in a holy pond filled with rainbow-colored water.,AAAAAA==
750381,Girimehkala,A giant elephant monster of Sri Lankan myth, it is typically portrayed as being ridden by the Evil One, Mara. Whoever looks into its evil eye is said to be met with misfortune.,AAAAAA==
750382,Sui-Ki,One of the four oni controlled by Fujiwara no Chikata, it can cause floods with the swing of its arms. In the Taiheiki, Ki no Tomoo expelled the oni by reading a Japanese poem.,AAAAAA==
750391,Bugs,A Welsh creature commonly known as Bugbear" or the "Boogeyman." Its existence is often used by mothers to scare children into behaving.	AAAAAA==
750392	Kikuri-Hime	The goddess of life in Shinto myth. She once mediated between Izanagi and Izanami during their confrontation in Yomi	 the land of the dead.	AAAAAA==
750401	Take-Minakata	A Japanese god of war	 hunting and fertility. He fought Take-Mikazuchi for control of Japan and lost. He escaped to Suwa	 but has been prohibited to leave since then.	AAAAAA==
750402	Black Ooze	A mass of malevolent intent and emotion that failed to become a true demon. All it does is eat	 prey	 and grow.	AAAAAA==
750411	Jikokuten	Also known as Dhritarashtra	 he is the protector of the East	 and is one of the four Heavenly Kings of Buddhist origin. He helps maintain the security of the nation.	AAAAAA==
750412	Lilim	A demon who tempts sleeping men and attacks infants. She is the daughter of the demoness	 Lilith. Like her mother	 she drains men of their essence.	AAAAAA==
750421	Girimehkala	A giant elephant monster of Sri Lankan myth	 it is typically portrayed as being ridden by the Evil One	 Mara. Whoever looks into its evil eye is said to be met with misfortune.	AAAAAA==
750422	Flauros	One of the 72 demons of the Goetia. He appears as a leopard and can see the past and future. He can control fire and burn all his adversaries to death.	AAAAAA==
750431	Atropos	The eldest of the three Moirae Sisters of Greek mythology. She cuts the threads of life for those whose time has come.	AAAAAA==
750441	Ara Mitama	One of the four aspects of Shinto thought	 it has the power to grant ferocity. It is said to aid in one's bravery	 growth	 and endeavors	 though it can lead in a negative direction.	AAAAAA==
750451	Sandman	A fairy in German folklore who carries a bag of magical sand	 which puts humans to sleep when thrown into their eyes. If the victim resists	 the Sandman will sit on their eyelids.	AAAAAA==
750461	Naga	Half-snake	 half-human divine beings in Hindu lore	 worshipped as bringers of rain. They live in the bottoms of lakes and seas	 singing and dancing when they are not fighting.	AAAAAA==
750471	Yurlungur	A snake with a rainbow body from Yolngu lore. He is a fertility deity who controls the weather and resides in a holy pond filled with rainbow-colored water.	AAAAAA==
750481	Kaiwan	A god in Assyrian legend	 his name is interchangeable with Sakkut	 another incarnation of the star-god	 Saturn.	AAAAAA==
750491	Black Ooze	A mass of malevolent intent and emotion that failed to become a true demon. All it does is eat	 prey	 and grow.	AAAAAA==
750501	Principality	The seventh of the nine orders of angels. They guard cities and nations	 and protect various religious figures.	AAAAAA==
750511	Lilim	A demon who tempts sleeping men and attacks infants. She is the daughter of the demoness	 Lilith. Like her mother	 she drains men of their essence.	AAAAAA==
750521	Belphegor	Demonic governor of the deadly sin of sloth. He also excels at invention and discovery. May be derived from Ba'al Pe'or	 Syrian god of abundant crops.	AAAAAA==
750522	Thoth	Egyptian moon god that takes the form of a baboon	 he is the one who measures time. He gave Isis the power to resurrect Osiris after he was killed by the evil god Seth.	AAAAAA==
750531	Atropos	The eldest of the three Moirae Sisters of Greek mythology. She cuts the threads of life for those whose time has come.	AAAAAA==
750532	Lachesis	The middle sister of the three Moirae Sisters of Greek legend. She is the apportioner	 measuring the thread which determines each person's lifespan.	AAAAAA==
750541	Rangda	A wicked witch of Balinese lore	 she represents evil and is Barong's eternal rival. Even if defeated	 she will come back to life	 and their battle will have no end.	AAAAAA==
750542	Decarabia	One of the 72 demons of the Goetia	 this demon appears as a pentacle. Keeper of jewels and herbal lore	 Decarabia is said to have the ability to shape-shift at will.	AAAAAA==
750551	Kikuri-Hime	The goddess of life in Shinto myth. She once mediated between Izanagi and Izanami during their confrontation in Yomi	 the land of the dead.	AAAAAA==
750552	Kushinada	A Japanese goddess. She governs fields and fertility. All of her sisters were sacrificed to Yamata-no-Orochi	 but she was saved by Susano-o and became his wife.	AAAAAA==
750561	Girimehkala	A giant elephant monster of Sri Lankan myth	 it is typically portrayed as being ridden by the Evil One	 Mara. Whoever looks into its evil eye is said to be met with misfortune.	AAAAAA==
750562	Belphegor	Demonic governor of the deadly sin of sloth. He also excels at invention and discovery. May be derived from Ba'al Pe'or	 Syrian god of abundant crops.	AAAAAA==
750571	Jatayu	The Hindu king of birds. In the Ramayana	 he fought bravely against Ravana in an attempt to save Sita	 Rama's wife and the seventh avatar of Vishnu	 but lost.	AAAAAA==
750572	Mitra	An ancient Persian god of contracts. He was also revered as a harvest-bringing sun god when he was introduced to the Zoroastrian religion.	AAAAAA==
750581	Setanta	A brave young man in Celtic myth. After defeating a fierce guard dog	 he volunteered to take its place	 earning him the nickname "Hound of Culann."	AAAAAA==
750582	Take-Minakata	A Japanese god of war	 hunting and fertility. He fought Take-Mikazuchi for control of Japan and lost. He escaped to Suwa	 but has been prohibited to leave since then.	AAAAAA==
750591	Isis	Osiris's wife as well as his younger sister. Upon the death of her husband	 she revived him with her incredible magic power. Isis is seen at many gravesites as the guardian goddess of the dead.	AAAAAA==
750592	Clotho	The youngest of the three Moirae Sisters of Greek legend. She spins the threads of life with her spindle.	AAAAAA==
750601	Jikokuten	Also known as Dhritarashtra	 he is the protector of the East	 and is one of the four Heavenly Kings of Buddhist origin. He helps maintain the security of the nation.	AAAAAA==
750602	Flauros	One of the 72 demons of the Goetia. He appears as a leopard and can see the past and future. He can control fire and burn all his adversaries to death.	AAAAAA==
750611	Kurama Tengu	A type of tengu said to have lived on Mt. Kurama in Kyoto. The most powerful and well-known of the tengu	 they have the power to fend off disease and bring good fortune.	AAAAAA==
750612	Belphegor	Demonic governor of the deadly sin of sloth. He also excels at invention and discovery. May be derived from Ba'al Pe'or	 Syrian god of abundant crops.	AAAAAA==
750621	Hariti	Also known as Kishimojin	 she once ate children	 but stopped after Buddha changed her ways. She now eats pomegranates and is a goddess of parenting.	AAAAAA==
750622	Rangda	A wicked witch of Balinese lore	 she represents evil and is Barong's eternal rival. Even if defeated	 she will come back to life	 and their battle will have no end.	AAAAAA==
750631	Quetzalcoatl	An Aztec deity known as the Feathered Serpent. He created humans with his own blood and taught them how to sustain themselves.	AAAAAA==
750632	Sarasvati	The Hindu goddess of rivers	 and patron of speech	 writing	 learning	 the arts	 and sciences. Brahma is her husband.	AAAAAA==
750641	Baphomet	A goat-headed demon that is worshipped in Black Sabbaths. His name can be used as a catch-all term for demons in general. He would become an object of worship for witches.	AAAAAA==
750642	Yatagarasu	A divine creature in Japanese lore. They are three-legged birds sent by Amaterasu to help humans. They are said to have helped Emperor Jinmu claim victory.	AAAAAA==
750651	Horus	An ancient god of Egypt whose eyes are the sun and moon. Revered by some as the chief god	 he is often depicted as a hawk or a falcon.	AAAAAA==
750652	Rangda	A wicked witch of Balinese lore	 she represents evil and is Barong's eternal rival. Even if defeated	 she will come back to life	 and their battle will have no end.	AAAAAA==
750661	Moloch	A Canaanite god of fire. A bronze statue of a man with a bull's head stands at his altar. The statue was heated and sacrificial children were thrown inside.	AAAAAA==
750662	Barong	A mystical creature in Balinese lore	 it represents good and is Rangda's eternal rival. Even if defeated	 it will be reborn. The result is a never-ending struggle.	AAAAAA==
750671	Quetzalcoatl	An Aztec deity known as the Feathered Serpent. He created humans with his own blood and taught them how to sustain themselves.	AAAAAA==
750672	Principality	The seventh of the nine orders of angels. They guard cities and nations	 and protect various religious figures.	AAAAAA==
750681	Nebiros	The general of Hell. He keeps watch over other demons. One of Hell's greatest necromancers	 he can control souls and corpses.	AAAAAA==
750682	Bugs	A Welsh creature commonly known as "Bugbear" or the "Boogeyman." Its existence is often used by mothers to scare children into behaving.	AAAAAA==
750691	Horus	An ancient god of Egypt whose eyes are the sun and moon. Revered by some as the chief god	 he is often depicted as a hawk or a falcon.	AAAAAA==
750692	Yurlungur	A snake with a rainbow body from Yolngu lore. He is a fertility deity who controls the weather and resides in a holy pond filled with rainbow-colored water.	AAAAAA==
750701	Parvati	A beautiful Hindu goddess of love and one of Shiva's wives. Always by his side	 she played a role in opening his third eye. She can turn into Durga or Kali when angered.	AAAAAA==
750702	Rangda	A wicked witch of Balinese lore	 she represents evil and is Barong's eternal rival. Even if defeated	 she will come back to life	 and their battle will have no end.	AAAAAA==
750711	Nebiros	The general of Hell. He keeps watch over other demons. One of Hell's greatest necromancers	 he can control souls and corpses.	AAAAAA==
750712	Barong	A mystical creature in Balinese lore	 it represents good and is Rangda's eternal rival. Even if defeated	 it will be reborn. The result is a never-ending struggle.	AAAAAA==
750721	Baphomet	A goat-headed demon that is worshipped in Black Sabbaths. His name can be used as a catch-all term for demons in general. He would become an object of worship for witches.	AAAAAA==
750722	Kurama Tengu	A type of tengu said to have lived on Mt. Kurama in Kyoto. The most powerful and well-known of the tengu	 they have the power to fend off disease and bring good fortune.	AAAAAA==
750731	Kikuri-Hime	The goddess of life in Shinto myth. She once mediated between Izanagi and Izanami during their confrontation in Yomi	 the land of the dead.	AAAAAA==
750741	Kurama Tengu	A type of tengu said to have lived on Mt. Kurama in Kyoto. The most powerful and well-known of the tengu	 they have the power to fend off disease and bring good fortune.	AAAAAA==
750751	Rangda	A wicked witch of Balinese lore	 she represents evil and is Barong's eternal rival. Even if defeated	 she will come back to life	 and their battle will have no end.	AAAAAA==
750761	Hariti	Also known as Kishimojin	 she once ate children	 but stopped after Buddha changed her ways. She now eats pomegranates and is a goddess of parenting.	AAAAAA==
750771	Yurlungur	A snake with a rainbow body from Yolngu lore. He is a fertility deity who controls the weather and resides in a holy pond filled with rainbow-colored water.	AAAAAA==
750781	Bugs	A Welsh creature commonly known as "Bugbear" or the "Boogeyman." Its existence is often used by mothers to scare children into behaving.	AAAAAA==
750791	Seth	The Egyptian god of the desert	 chaos	 and evil. He murdered his brother	 Osiris	 and tried to become chief god	 but he was castrated by Osiris's son	 Horus.	AAAAAA==
750801	Yatagarasu	A divine creature in Japanese lore. They are three-legged birds sent by Amaterasu to help humans. They are said to have helped Emperor Jinmu claim victory.	AAAAAA==
750811	Garuda	A divine bird-man in Hindu lore	 he once fought the gods and received immortality in exchange for becoming Vishnu's carrier.	AAAAAA==
750821	Mothman	A cryptid sighted during the 60s-80s in West Virginia. It has shining red eyes and is named for the fin-like appendages on its sides. It uses its keen sense for blood to track down the source and feed on it.	AAAAAA==
750831	Moloch	A Canaanite god of fire. A bronze statue of a man with a bull's head stands at his altar. The statue was heated and sacrificial children were thrown inside.	AAAAAA==
750832	Seth	The Egyptian god of the desert	 chaos	 and evil. He murdered his brother	 Osiris	 and tried to become chief god	 but he was castrated by Osiris's son	 Horus.	AAAAAA==
750841	Nebiros	The general of Hell. He keeps watch over other demons. One of Hell's greatest necromancers	 he can control souls and corpses.	AAAAAA==
750842	Yatagarasu	A divine creature in Japanese lore. They are three-legged birds sent by Amaterasu to help humans. They are said to have helped Emperor Jinmu claim victory.	AAAAAA==
750851	Quetzalcoatl	An Aztec deity known as the Feathered Serpent. He created humans with his own blood and taught them how to sustain themselves.	AAAAAA==
750852	Raja Naga	The king of the Naga	 a half-man	 half-snake tribe in Hindu lore. The dragon kings Nanda and Takshaka of Buddhist myth fall into this royal category.	AAAAAA==
751011	Genbu	One of the Ssu-Ling	 celestial creatures of Chinese myth. It represents the direction north	 the season of winter	 and the element of water. Known to be a great warrior	 it supports the Earth from below.	AAAAAA==
751012	Bicorn	An evil creature with two curving horns from European folklore. It represents impurity	 unlike the Unicorn. Said to be derived from Re'em in the Bible. Another legend says that it feeds off of loyal husbands.	AAAAAA==
751021	Eligor	One of the 72 demons of the Goetia. He looks like a knight and has the power to see things to come. He also knows much about war.	AAAAAA==
751022	Ippon-Datara	A one-eyed	 one-legged monster said to live deep in the mountains of Kumano	 Japan. It's believed to be the degraded blacksmith god	 Ame no Me-Hitotsu no Kami.	AAAAAA==
751031	Archangel	Eighth of the nine orders of angels. Their duty is to minister to humans and deliver messages. They are warriors of Heaven and lead Heaven's forces during battle with the armies of evil.	AAAAAA==
751032	Angel	Ninth of the nineorders of angels.They are closest in nature to humans.They watch over individuals and warn those who stray from the path.	AAAAAA==
751041	Oni	An evil monster from Japanese lore known for its hideous visage and brute strength. They loot and plunder villages	 massacring the townspeople with their iron clubs. They have horns on their heads	 red skin	 long claws	 and razor-sharp teeth.	AAAAAA==
751051	Leanan Sidhe	A beautiful fairy of Irish lore that yearns for the love of a human man. She drains the life of her lovers in return for granting them artistic inspiration.	AAAAAA==
751052	Apsaras	Hindu water spirits	 they are beautiful young women who dance for the gods. They also guide heroes fallen in battle to paradise.	AAAAAA==
751053	Agathion	A general term for familiars used by Judeo-Christian magicians	 they are usually sealed away in bottles	 rings	 or talismans. They torment the target selected by the conjuror.	AAAAAA==
751061	Yaksini	A female demon in Hindu lore. Though originally a Dravidian fertility goddess	 the spread of Hinduism changed perception of her to a demonic figure. Usually depicted as a nude	 voluptuous female.	AAAAAA==
751071	Eligor	One of the 72 demons of the Goetia. He looks like a knight and has the power to see things to come. He also knows much about war.	AAAAAA==
751072	Archangel	Eighth of the nine orders of angels. Their duty is to minister to humans and deliver messages. They are warriors of Heaven and lead Heaven's forces during battle with the armies of evil.	AAAAAA==
751081	Archangel	Eighth of the nine orders of angels. Their duty is to minister to humans and deliver messages. They are warriors of Heaven and lead Heaven's forces during battle with the armies of evil.	AAAAAA==
751082	Leanan Sidhe	A beautiful fairy of Irish lore that yearns for the love of a human man. She drains the life of her lovers in return for granting them artistic inspiration.	AAAAAA==
751091	Anubis	The jackal-headed god of the dead and embalming from Egyptian myth. He weighs the hearts of the dead to determine their final destination.	AAAAAA==
751101	Unicorn	A legendary white horse with a single spiral horn. It can only be tamed by a pure maiden	 and its horn supposedly has miraculous healing capabilities.	AAAAAA==
751102	Neko Shogun	A prophetic Taoist god	 originally known as Mao Shogun. Due to a linguistic error involving the Chinese word for "cat	 his name was changed to Neko Shogun.,AAAAAA==
751111,Hell Biker,A motorcyclist whose violent nature turned him into a demon. His anger with himself and the world causes him to lash out, that everyone else would suffer as well.,AAAAAA==
751121,Daisoujou,A monk who died while fasting, his spiritual power allows his body to continue to exist without rotting. It is said that he will appear before people on the day of salvation.,AAAAAA==
751131,Okuninushi,A Kunitsu deity in Japanese mythology that governs agriculture and medicine. He's said to have built the country of Izumo with Susano-o's daughter, Suseri-Hime.,AAAAAA==
751132,Nigi Mitama,One of the four aspects of Shinto thought, it works gently to help maintain a calm mind. It is said to aid in one's relations and sociability, and can lead one in a positive direction.,AAAAAA==
751133,Ara Mitama,One of the four aspects of Shinto thought, it has the power to grant ferocity. It is said to aid in one's bravery, growth, and endeavors, though it can lead in a negative direction.,AAAAAA==
751134,Kushi Mitama,One of the four aspects of Shinto thought, it uses its power to bring blessings related to healing illnesses and staying healthy. It is said to have supernatural powers and cause mysterious events.,AAAAAA==
751141,Pazuzu,The Babylonian lord of wind and scorching sands. He has the body of a man, a lion's head, the claws and wings of an eagle, and has a deadly poison. The diseases he spreads can only be cured with magic.,AAAAAA==
751142,Belphegor,Demonic governor of the deadly sin of sloth. He also excels at invention and discovery. May be derived from Ba'al Pe'or, Syrian god of abundant crops.,AAAAAA==
751151,Daisoujou,A monk who died while fasting, his spiritual power allows his body to continue to exist without rotting. It is said that he will appear before people on the day of salvation.,AAAAAA==
751152,Anubis,The jackal-headed god of the dead and embalming from Egyptian myth. He weighs the hearts of the dead to determine their final destination.,AAAAAA==
751161,Zouchouten,Also known as Virudhaka, he is the protector of the South, and is one of the four Heavenly Kings of Buddhist origin. He is the god of the five grains, and was once the chief of the gods.,AAAAAA==
751162,Ame-no-Uzume,Japanese goddess of entertainment, she governs many sacred dances. She is most famous for luring out Amaterasu, who had barricaded herself inside a cave.,AAAAAA==
751171,Cu Chulainn,A hero in Celtic folklore. He was called Setanta until he earned the name, Culann's Hound." There are many tales of his adventures. He received his spear	 Gae Bolg	 from his mentor	 Scathach.	AAAAAA==
751172	Cerberus	The guardian hound who prevents anyone from entering or exiting the underworld in Greek lore. It was born from Typhon and Echidna	 and is the older brother of Orthrus.	AAAAAA==
751181	Ongyo-Ki	One of the four oni controlled by Fujiwara no Chikata. By eliminating its aura and preventing others from sensing its presence	 it is able to surprise its enemies.	AAAAAA==
751182	Black Frost	A Jack Frost that yearned for evil. This powerful demon is born when a cute Jack Frost remembers its demonic nature.	AAAAAA==
751191	Kohryu	Known as the Gold Dragon	 it reigns over the Ssu-Ling	 celestial creatures of Chinese lore. It is located at the center of the four beasts.	AAAAAA==
751192	Seiryu	The noblest of the Ssu-Ling creatures of Chinese myth. It represents the direction east	 the season of spring	 and the element of wood. It dwells in a palace at the bottom of the ocean.	AAAAAA==
751193	Byakko	One of the Ssu-Ling	 celestial creatures of Chinese myth. It represents the direction west	 the season of autumn	 and the element of metal. He is believed to be the king of all beasts.	AAAAAA==
751194	Suzaku	One of the Ssu-Ling	 celestial creatures of Chinese myth. It is a giant bird that is said to chirp in five beautiful voices. It represents the direction south	 the season of summer	 and the element of fire.	AAAAAA==
751195	Genbu	One of the Ssu-Ling	 celestial creatures of Chinese myth. It represents the direction north	 the season of winter	 and the element of water. Known to be a great warrior	 it supports the Earth from below.	AAAAAA==
751201	Oberon	The king of the fairies and Titania's husband. He is quite old but	 due to a curse	 his looks are that of a young boy. He often flirts with human women	 which sometimes earns him a scolding from his wife.	AAAAAA==
751202	Titania	The queen of the fairies and Oberon's wife. She is derived from the Roman goddess Diana. She was later immortalized in Shakespeare's play "A Midsummer Night's Dream."	AAAAAA==
751211	Thor	The Norse thunder god and son of Odin	 Thor owns the power enhancing belt	 Megingjard	 and wields Mjolnir	 a hammer that causes lightning to strike and returns to its owner if thrown.	AAAAAA==
751221	Surt	A fire giant in Norse lore. He rules the fire realm	 Muspelheim	 and brandishes a burning sword. At Ragnarok	 he will set the world ablaze.	AAAAAA==
751231	Sandalphon	Metatron's twin brother in Judeo-Christian lore	 he is the master of heavenly songs. It is said that a human would take 500 years to walk the length of his body.	AAAAAA==
751232	Cerberus	The guardian hound who prevents anyone from entering or exiting the underworld in Greek lore. It was born from Typhon and Echidna	 and is the older brother of Orthrus.	AAAAAA==
751241	Lakshmi	The Hindu goddess of beauty and good fortune	 Vishnu's wife	 and Kama's mother. She is the goddess of love	 believed to have been born from an ocean of milk.	AAAAAA==
751242	Ganesha	The Hindu elephant-headed god. He was originally created by Parvati in order to prevent anyone from watching her bathe. Shiva batted off his original head and replaced it with an elephant's head.	AAAAAA==
751251	Dominion	The fourth of the nine orders of angels. Their duty is to oversee the other angels. Their actions are the manifestation of God's will.	AAAAAA==
751252	Norn	Goddesses of fate in Norse lore. They live below the roots of Yggdrasil and weave the threads of fate	 which even the gods are bound by.	AAAAAA==
752011	Power	The sixth of the nine orders of angels. It is said that they were the first order to be created. Their duty is to protect human souls from demons.	1. When Shadows on the field use a certain skill	 all Shadows gain <color=#72C5FF>Legion</color>.
2. When <color=#72C5FF>Legion</color> reaches 5 stacks	 Power will activate a powerful multi-target attack skill.
3. When there are less than 2 Principalities on the field	 Power will spend all <color=#72C5FF>Legion</color> stacks to summon 2 Principalities. It can summon a maximum of 2 times during the battle.
752012	Principality	The seventh of the nine orders of angels. They guard cities and nations	 and protect various religious figures.	AAAAAA==
752021	Ose	One of the 72 demons of the Goetia	 he is known as the President of Hell. He can shape-shift from leopard to human and reveal the truth behind divine mysteries.	1. When Ose activates <color=#72C5FF>Revenge Stance</color>	 it enters a Counterattack Stance and will counterattack when it takes damage. <color=#72C5FF>Revenge Stance</color> lasts for 2 turns. When a counterattack is successful	 Attack increases.
2. After <color=#72C5FF>Revenge Stance</color> ends	 targets who took counterattacks from Ose will be Taunted.
752022	Arahabaki	A mysterious god of ancient Japan. Most famously worshipped by Nagasunehiko	 who was defeated in battle against Emperor Jinmu	 Arahabaki came to be treated as a symbol of rebellion and defiance.	AAAAAA==
752031	Byakko	One of the Ssu-Ling	 celestial creatures of Chinese myth. It represents the direction west	 the season of autumn	 and the element of metal. He is believed to be the king of all beasts.	1. Byakko's <color=#72C5FF>Vicious Bite</color> skill will inflict <color=#72C5FF>Deep Wounds</color> on all Phantom Thieves	 decreasing their Defense and increasing their damage taken. Use the Guard command to remove the <color=#72C5FF>Deep Wounds</color> condition.
2. Byakko's <color=#72C5FF>Sharp Claws</color> skill will target the Phantom Thief with the lowest HP	 and if they have <color=#72C5FF>Deep Wounds</color>	 the damage is increased. When this skill KO's a Phantom Thief	 it immediately activates again.
752032	Lamia	A half-human	 half-snake female monster of Greek myth	 she was once the queen of Libya. Zeus's jealous wife	 Hera	 killed her children	 causing her to go mad and transform into a monster.	AAAAAA==
752041	King Frost	The king of snow who rules over an infinite number of Jack Frosts. He has the power to freeze the entire world	 but is unaware of it due to his naïve personality.	1. King Frost will not attack	 but will continously summon Jack Frost and Black Frost. When they are defeated	 King Frost loses 30% HP.
2. The longer Jack Frost and Black Frost stay on the field	 the more their Attack and Defense will increase.
752042	Jack Frost	A winter fairy of European descent. He leaves ice patterns on windows and nips people's noses. Though normally an innocent creature	 he will freeze his victims to death if provoked.	AAAAAA==
752043	Black Frost	A Jack Frost that yearned for evil. This powerful demon is born when a cute Jack Frost remembers its demonic nature.	AAAAAA==
752051	Black Rider	One of the Four Horsemen of the Apocalypse	 he rides a black horse and carries scales. He brings famine and has the right to end lives through suffering.	1. When Black Rider or Pale Rider take fatal damage	 they survive with 1 HP and enter a <color=#72C5FF>False Death</color> state. If both enter the False Death state at the same time	 they are defeated.
2. If either Black Rider or Pale Rider are in a <color=#72C5FF>False Death</color> state at the start of the turn	 the other will use a skill to revive them. This will also increase their Attack and ｍax HP.
3. Black Rider's ability	 <color=#72C5FF>Black Dance</color>: Increase the damage dealt by both Riders and decrease their damage taken. Effect lasts until either Rider is defeated.
<color=#72C5FF>Monochrome Rondeau</color>: Black: After reviving 2 or more times	 the Riders will activate Monochrome Rondeau: Black	 dealing heavy multi-target damage and inflicting Forget on the Phantom Thief with the lowest current HP.
752052	Pale Rider	One of the Four Horsemen of the Apocalypse	 he rides a pale horse and represents death. He has the power to destroy life.	1. When Black Rider or Pale Rider take fatal damage	 they survive with 1 HP and enter a <color=#72C5FF>False Death</color> state. If both enter the False Death state at the same time	 they are defeated.
2. If either Black Rider or Pale Rider are in a <color=#72C5FF>False Death</color> state at the start of the turn	 the other will use a skill to revive them. This will also increase their Attack and max HP.
3. Pale Rider's ability	 <color=#72C5FF>White Dance</color>: Deals a set amount of damage to the Phantom Thief with the lowest Defense	 and locks on.
<color=#72C5FF>Monochrome Rondeau: White</color>: On the next turn after using <color=#72C5FF>White Dance</color>	 deals heavy damage to the Phantom Thief that was locked on to with <color=#72C5FF>White Dance</color>	 if neither Rider is in the <color=#72C5FF>False Death</color> state.
752061	Surt	A fire giant in Norse lore. He rules the fire realm	 Muspelheim	 and brandishes a burning sword. At Ragnarok	 he will set the world ablaze.	AAAAAA==
752062	Valkyrie	Choosers of the slain in Norse lore. Armed with shining armor and swords	 they look for brave warriors to take to Valhalla	 so that they may fight in Ragnarok.	AAAAAA==
752131	Oberon	The king of the fairies and Titania's husband. He is quite old but	 due to a curse	 his looks are that of a young boy. He often flirts with human women	 which sometimes earns him a scolding from his wife.	When either Oberon or Titania is defeated	 the other will be unable to act for 2 turns.
After they recover	 their damage will be <color=#FF423F>significantly increased</color>.
752132	Titania	The queen of the fairies and Oberon's wife. She is derived from the Roman goddess Diana. She was later immortalized in Shakespeare's play "A Midsummer Night's Dream."	When either Oberon or Titania is defeated	 the other will be unable to act for 2 turns.
After they recover	 their damage will be <color=#FF423F>significantly increased</color>.
752071	Jack-o'-Lantern	A drunkard who tricked the Devil out of taking him to Hell. When refused entry to Heaven	 he was forced to wander the earth with only an ember as a light.	AAAAAA==
752081	Seth	The Egyptian god of the desert	 chaos	 and evil. He murdered his brother	 Osiris	 and tried to become chief god	 but he was castrated by Osiris's son	 Horus.	AAAAAA==
752082	Regent	A bluish-tinged diamond that Napoleon Bonaparte had mounted to the pommel of his sword. It was named after the French Regent Philippe II	 Duke of Orleans	 who had purchased it in 1717.	AAAAAA==
752091	Black Frost	A Jack Frost that yearned for evil. This powerful demon is born when a cute Jack Frost remembers its demonic nature.	AAAAAA==
752101	Baphomet	A goat-headed demon that is worshipped in Black Sabbaths. His name can be used as a catch-all term for demons in general. He would become an object of worship for witches.	AAAAAA==
752111	Mara	A Buddhist demon that represents the fear of death. Also known as "The Evil One	 he sent his daughters to tempt Buddha during his meditations.,AAAAAA==
752121,Zouchouten,Also known as Virudhaka, he is the protector of the South, and is one of the four Heavenly Kings of Buddhist origin. He is the god of the five grains, and was once the chief of the gods.,AAAAAA==
752122,Koumokuten,Also known as Virupaksha, he is the protector of the West, and is one of the four Heavenly Kings of Buddhist origin. He keeps a close watch on the world with his sharp gaze.,AAAAAA==
752123,Jikokuten,Also known as Dhritarashtra, he is the protector of the East, and is one of the four Heavenly Kings of Buddhist origin. He helps maintain the security of the nation.,AAAAAA==
752124,Bishamonten,Also known as Tamonten and Vaishravana in Buddhist lore, he is the strongest of the Heavenly Kings. He protects the North and is the god of war.,AAAAAA==
753061,Oberon,The king of the fairies and Titania's husband. He is quite old but, due to a curse, his looks are that of a young boy. He often flirts with human women, which sometimes earns him a scolding from his wife.,When either Oberon or Titania is defeated, the other will be unable to act for 2 turns.
After they recover, their damage will be <color=#FF423F>significantly increased</color>.
753062,Titania,The queen of the fairies and Oberon's wife. She is derived from the Roman goddess Diana. She was later immortalized in Shakespeare's play A Midsummer Night's Dream."	When either Oberon or Titania is defeated	 the other will be unable to act for 2 turns.
After they recover	 their damage will be <color=#FF423F>significantly increased</color>.
753071	Dominion	The fourth of the nine orders of angels. Their duty is to oversee the other angels. Their actions are the manifestation of God's will.	Dominion	 Power	 Principality	 and Archangel are in the <color=#72C5FF>Soul Link</color> state	 and also have the <color=#72C5FF>Sanctuary</color> state.
Soul Link: When a Shadow with Soul Link takes damage	 split the damage between all Shadows with Soul Link	 based on its current HP.
Sanctuary: Increase damage taken by 6% per <color=#FFFC40>debuff</color> inflicted	 up to 30%.
753072	Power	The sixth of the nine orders of angels. It is said that they were the first order to be created. Their duty is to protect human souls from demons.	Dominion	 Power	 Principality	 and Archangel are in the <color=#72C5FF>Soul Link</color> state	 and also have the <color=#72C5FF>Sanctuary</color> state.
Soul Link: When a Shadow with Soul Link takes damage	 split the damage between all Shadows with Soul Link	 based on its current HP.
Sanctuary: Increase damage taken by 6% per <color=#FFFC40>debuff</color> inflicted	 up to 30%.
753073	Principality	The seventh of the nine orders of angels. They guard cities and nations	 and protect various religious figures.	Dominion	 Power	 Principality	 and Archangel are in the <color=#72C5FF>Soul Link</color> state	 and also have the <color=#72C5FF>Sanctuary</color> state.
Soul Link: Distributes all damage received between all Shadows who share this condition	 based on the percentage of their current HP.
Sanctuary: Increase damage taken by 6% per <color=#FFFC40>debuff</color> inflicted	 up to 30%.
753074	Archangel	Eighth of the nine orders of angels. Their duty is to minister to humans and deliver messages. They are warriors of Heaven and lead Heaven's forces during battle with the armies of evil.	Dominion	 Power	 Principality	 and Archangel are in the <color=#72C5FF>Soul Link</color> state	 and also have the <color=#72C5FF>Sanctuary</color> state.
Soul Link: Distributes all damage received between all Shadows who share this condition	 based on the percentage of their current HP.
Sanctuary: Increase damage taken by 6% per <color=#FFFC40>debuff</color> inflicted	 up to 30%.
753081	Cu Chulainn	A hero in Celtic folklore. He was called Setanta until he earned the name	 "Culann's Hound." There are many tales of his adventures. He received his spear	 Gae Bolg	 from his mentor	 Scathach.	1. Cu Chulainn's <color=#FF423F>critical damage</color> is increased by 30%	 and critical damage taken is decreased by 50%.
2. Cu Chulainn will activate Heroic Strength	 gaining a shield at a set amount	 increasing its damage	 and locking on to 1 Phantom Thief. On the next turn	 it unleashes <color=#72C5FF>Gae Bolg</color> on the targeted Phantom Thief	 dealing heavy damage with a chance to insta-kill.
If Cu Chulainn's <color=#FF423F>shield is broken</color>	 it loses Heroic Strength and the lock on is canceled.
753091	Yamata-no-Orochi	A giant snake with eight heads that Susano-o defeated to save Kushinada-Hime. The legendary sword Ame-no-Murakumo-no-Tsurugi	 also known as the "Sword of Kusanagi	 emerged from its belly.,1. When Yamata-no-Orochi's HP reaches 0, it revives with new affinities and skills. It can revive up to 4 times.
2. After reviving 4 times, Yamata-no-Orochi will begin preparing and summon a Serpent's Tail.
3. When a Serpent's Tail is defeated, all Phantom Thieves gain <color=#FF423F>Ame-no-Murakumo</color>, which greatly increases the damage of their next attack.
4. When Yamata-no-Orochi is defeated, 4 Shadows appear.
753092,Yamata-no-Orochi,A giant snake with eight heads that Susano-o defeated to save Kushinada-Hime. The legendary sword Ame-no-Murakumo-no-Tsurugi, also known as the Sword of Kusanagi	 emerged from its belly.,1. When Yamata-no-Orochi's HP reaches 0, it revives with new affinities and skills. It can revive up to 4 times.
2. After reviving 4 times, Yamata-no-Orochi will begin preparing and summon a Serpent's Tail.
3. When a Serpent's Tail is defeated, all Phantom Thieves gain <color=#FF423F>Ame-no-Murakumo</color>, which greatly increases the damage of their next attack.
4. When Yamata-no-Orochi is defeated, 4 Shadows appear.
753093,Yamata-no-Orochi,A giant snake with eight heads that Susano-o defeated to save Kushinada-Hime. The legendary sword Ame-no-Murakumo-no-Tsurugi, also known as the Sword of Kusanagi	 emerged from its belly.,1. When Yamata-no-Orochi's HP reaches 0, it revives with new affinities and skills. It can revive up to 4 times.
2. After reviving 4 times, Yamata-no-Orochi will begin preparing and summon a Serpent's Tail.
3. When a Serpent's Tail is defeated, all Phantom Thieves gain <color=#FF423F>Ame-no-Murakumo</color>, which greatly increases the damage of their next attack.
4. When Yamata-no-Orochi is defeated, 4 Shadows appear.
753094,Yamata-no-Orochi,A giant snake with eight heads that Susano-o defeated to save Kushinada-Hime. The legendary sword Ame-no-Murakumo-no-Tsurugi, also known as the Sword of Kusanagi	 emerged from its belly.,1. When Yamata-no-Orochi's HP reaches 0, it revives with new affinities and skills. It can revive up to 4 times.
2. After reviving 4 times, Yamata-no-Orochi will begin preparing and summon a Serpent's Tail.
3. When a Serpent's Tail is defeated, all Phantom Thieves gain <color=#FF423F>Ame-no-Murakumo</color>, which greatly increases the damage of their next attack.
4. When Yamata-no-Orochi is defeated, 4 Shadows appear.
753095,Yamata-no-Orochi,A giant snake with eight heads that Susano-o defeated to save Kushinada-Hime. The legendary sword Ame-no-Murakumo-no-Tsurugi, also known as the Sword of Kusanagi	 emerged from its belly.,1. When Yamata-no-Orochi's HP reaches 0, it revives with new affinities and skills. It can revive up to 4 times.
2. After reviving 4 times, Yamata-no-Orochi will begin preparing and summon a Serpent's Tail.
3. When a Serpent's Tail is defeated, all Phantom Thieves gain <color=#FF423F>Ame-no-Murakumo</color>, which greatly increases the damage of their next attack.
4. When Yamata-no-Orochi is defeated, 4 Shadows appear.
753096,Serpent's Tail,-,When a Serpent's Tail is defeated, all Phantom Thieves gain <color=#FF423F>Ame-no-Murakumo</color>, which gives heavy damage to their next attacks.
753097,Psychokinesis Serpent,-,One of Yamata-no-Orochi's heads, with dominion over Psychokinesis.
753098,Nuclear Serpent,-,One of Yamata-no-Orochi's heads, with dominion over Nuclear.
753099,Bless Serpent,-,One of Yamata-no-Orochi's heads, with dominion over Blessings.
753100,Curse Serpent,-,One of Yamata-no-Orochi's heads, with dominion over Curses.
753111,Arahabaki,A mysterious god of ancient Japan. Most famously worshipped by Nagasunehiko, who was defeated in battle against Emperor Jinmu, Arahabaki came to be treated as a symbol of rebellion and defiance.,When Arahabaki takes damage from a skill, Resonance, or Highlight, it will record the attribute of the damage taken. (If damage from multiple attribute types is taken in the same turn, an attribute is recorded at random).
When Arahabaki takes damage of the <color=#FF423F>same attribute</color> it previously recorded, its <color=#FF423F>damage taken increases</color>. This effect can stack. When Arahabaki takes damage of a different attribute than the one it recorded, the increased damage taken effect is removed, and Arahabaki's damage increases.
753112,Take-Minakata,A Japanese god of war, hunting and fertility. He fought Take-Mikazuchi for control of Japan and lost. He escaped to Suwa, but has been prohibited to leave since then.,When Take-Minakata takes damage from a skill, Resonance, or Highlight, it will record the attribute of the damage taken. (If damage from multiple attribute types is taken in the same turn, an attribute is recorded at random).
When Take-Minakata takes damage of a <color=#FF423F>different attribute</color> than what it previously recorded, its <color=#FF423F>damage taken increases</color>. This effect can stack. When Take-Minakata takes damage of the same attribute as the one it recorded, the increased damage taken effect is removed, and Take-Minakata's damage increases.
753121,Kohryu,Known as the Gold Dragon, it reigns over the Ssu-Ling, celestial creatures of Chinese lore. It is located at the center of the four beasts.,During battle, Kohryu will summon Shadows of Seiryu, Byakko, Suzaku, and Genbu. When a Shadow is summoned, its corresponding Might is granted to all Shadows on the field. When a Shadow is defeated, the Shadows lose that Might and it is granted to all Phantom Thieves instead.
Seiryu's Might: Grants a Shield equal to 10% of max HP every turn.
Byakko's Might: Increases Attack by 20%.
Suzaku's Might: Increases damage dealt by 20%.
Genbu's Might: Increases Defense by 20%.
753123,Shade of Genbu,-,AAAAAA==
753124,Shade of Suzaku,-,AAAAAA==
753125,Shade of Byakko,-,AAAAAA==
753126,Shade of Seiryu,-,AAAAAA==
753131,Clotho,The youngest of the three Moirae Sisters of Greek legend. She spins the threads of life with her spindle.,Clotho uses Moirai Binding to grant a random Phantom Thief the Thread of Fate.
753132,Lachesis,The middle sister of the three Moirae Sisters of Greek legend. She is the apportioner, measuring the thread which determines each person's lifespan.,Lachesis uses Moirai Spinning to change a Phantom Thief's Thread of Fate to <color=#72C5FF>Weave of Fate</color>.
753133,Atropos,The eldest of the three Moirae Sisters of Greek mythology. She cuts the threads of life for those whose time has come.,At certain times, Atropos will use <color=#72C5FF>Moirai Cutting</color>, dealing severe damage to Phantom Thieves with the Weave of Fate.
1. After Atropos has acted 10 times.
2. After Clotho or Lachesis have been defeated.
3. After Atropos has been defeated.
753134,Spirit of Fate I,-,<color=#FF423F>Generates additional buff effects</color> for Phantom Thieves with Threads of Fate when defeated.
753135,Spirit of Fate II,-,<color=#FF423F>Generates additional buff effects</color> for Phantom Thieves with Threads of Fate when defeated.
753136,Spirit of Fate III,-,<color=#FF423F>Generates additional buff effects</color> for Phantom Thieves with Threads of Fate when defeated.
753137,Spirit of Fate III,-,<color=#FF423F>Generates additional buff effects</color> for Phantom Thieves with Threads of Fate when defeated.
753138,Spirit of Fate IV,-,<color=#FF423F>Generates additional buff effects</color> for Phantom Thieves with Threads of Fate when defeated.
753141,Hecatoncheires,Giants born from Uranus and Gaia. The name means those with a hundred arms." During the war of the Titans	 Zeus freed them from the Underworld to help him obtain victory.	1. At the start of the battle	 Hecatoncheires has 100 <color=#72C5FF>Arms of Protection</color> stacks	 and takes less damage depending on the number of stacks. When it has Arms of Protection	 it also has <color=#72C5FF>Arms of Defense</color>	 reducing final damage by 70%.
2. Hecatoncheires will summon the Avatar of Arms and the Avatar of Gathering. When the Avatar of Arms is defeated	 it loses 1 <color=#72C5FF>Arms of Protection</color> stack. When the Avatar of Gathering is defeated	 it loses 10 <color=#72C5FF>Arms of Protection</color> stacks. For each <color=#72C5FF>Arms of Protection</color> stack removed	 all Phantom Thieves gain <color=#72C5FF>Arms of Strength</color>. Arms of Strength: Damage increased based on number of stacks.
3. When Hecatoncheires has 80 or more <color=#72C5FF>Arms of Protection</color> stacks	 it becomes invincible and will not attack. It keeps 4 Avatars of Arms on the field	 and gains 1 <color=#72C5FF>Arms of Might</color> stack every turn. Arms of Might: Damage increased based on number of stacks.
4. When Hecatoncheires has less than 80 <color=#72C5FF>Arms of Protection</color> stacks	 it loses its invincibility and begins to attack. Every turn it summons 2 Avatars of Gathering. When it takes damage	 1 <color=#72C5FF>Arms of Protection</color> stack is removed.
5. When <color=#72C5FF>Arms of Protection</color> reaches 0	 Hecatoncheires enters the Last Stand state. Last Stand: Damage is significantly increased	 and attack pattern changes.
753142	Avatar of Arms	-	An Avatar of Arms.
753143	Avatar of Gathering	-	An Avatar of many Arms.
753011	Gabriel	One of the four major archangels. She is also the only female angel at this rank. Her name comes from the Sumerian word for "governor." She is the angel who told Mary of her pregnancy.	AAAAAA==
753012	Dominion	The fourth of the nine orders of angels. Their duty is to oversee the other angels. Their actions are the manifestation of God's will.	AAAAAA==
753013	Power	The sixth of the nine orders of angels. It is said that they were the first order to be created. Their duty is to protect human souls from demons.	AAAAAA==
753014	Dominion	The fourth of the nine orders of angels. Their duty is to oversee the other angels. Their actions are the manifestation of God's will.	AAAAAA==
753021	Thor	The Norse thunder god and son of Odin	 Thor owns the power enhancing belt	 Megingjard	 and wields Mjolnir	 a hammer that causes lightning to strike and returns to its owner if thrown.	AAAAAA==
753031	Thor	The Norse thunder god and son of Odin	 Thor owns the power enhancing belt	 Megingjard	 and wields Mjolnir	 a hammer that causes lightning to strike and returns to its owner if thrown.	AAAAAA==
753032	Valkyrie	Choosers of the slain in Norse lore. Armed with shining armor and swords	 they look for brave warriors to take to Valhalla	 so that they may fight in Ragnarok.	AAAAAA==
753041	Surt	A fire giant in Norse lore. He rules the fire realm	 Muspelheim	 and brandishes a burning sword. At Ragnarok	 he will set the world ablaze.	AAAAAA==
753042	Black Frost	A Jack Frost that yearned for evil. This powerful demon is born when a cute Jack Frost remembers its demonic nature.	AAAAAA==
753051	Surt	A fire giant in Norse lore. He rules the fire realm	 Muspelheim	 and brandishes a burning sword. At Ragnarok	 he will set the world ablaze.	AAAAAA==
753052	Baphomet	A goat-headed demon that is worshipped in Black Sabbaths. His name can be used as a catch-all term for demons in general. He would become an object of worship for witches.	AAAAAA==
900111	Eligor	One of the 72 demons of the Goetia. He looks like a knight and has the power to see things to come. He also knows much about war.	AAAAAA==
900112	Pixie	Friendly fairies of the forest that tend to hide from humans. They like to play tricks on lazy people. It is said they are the souls of dead	 unbaptized children.	AAAAAA==
900113	Pixie	Friendly fairies of the forest that tend to hide from humans. They like to play tricks on lazy people. It is said they are the souls of dead	 unbaptized children.	AAAAAA==
900114	High Pixie	The leader of a swarm of pixies. Any pixie in a leadership role or with remarkable power is called by this name.	AAAAAA==
900115	Black Ooze	A mass of malevolent intent and emotion that failed to become a true demon. All it does is eat	 prey	 and grow.	AAAAAA==
900211	Eligor	One of the 72 demons of the Goetia. He looks like a knight and has the power to see things to come. He also knows much about war.	AAAAAA==
900212	Pixie	Friendly fairies of the forest that tend to hide from humans. They like to play tricks on lazy people. It is said they are the souls of dead	 unbaptized children.	AAAAAA==
900213	Pixie	Friendly fairies of the forest that tend to hide from humans. They like to play tricks on lazy people. It is said they are the souls of dead	 unbaptized children.	AAAAAA==
900214	Pixie	Friendly fairies of the forest that tend to hide from humans. They like to play tricks on lazy people. It is said they are the souls of dead	 unbaptized children.	AAAAAA==
900215	Pixie	Friendly fairies of the forest that tend to hide from humans. They like to play tricks on lazy people. It is said they are the souls of dead	 unbaptized children.	AAAAAA==
900216	High Pixie	The leader of a swarm of pixies. Any pixie in a leadership role or with remarkable power is called by this name.	AAAAAA==
900217	Black Ooze	A mass of malevolent intent and emotion that failed to become a true demon. All it does is eat	 prey	 and grow.	AAAAAA==
900311	Archangel	Eighth of the nine orders of angels. Their duty is to minister to humans and deliver messages. They are warriors of Heaven and lead Heaven's forces during battle with the armies of evil.	AAAAAA==
900312	Pixie	Friendly fairies of the forest that tend to hide from humans. They like to play tricks on lazy people. It is said they are the souls of dead	 unbaptized children.	AAAAAA==
900313	Pixie	Friendly fairies of the forest that tend to hide from humans. They like to play tricks on lazy people. It is said they are the souls of dead	 unbaptized children.	AAAAAA==
900314	Fence	A mysterious god of ancient Japan. Most famously worshipped by Nagasunehiko	 who was defeated in battle against Emperor Jinmu	 Arahabaki came to be treated as a symbol of rebellion and defiance.	AAAAAA==
900411	Archangel	Eighth of the nine orders of angels. Their duty is to minister to humans and deliver messages. They are warriors of Heaven and lead Heaven's forces during battle with the armies of evil.	AAAAAA==
900412	Pixie	Friendly fairies of the forest that tend to hide from humans. They like to play tricks on lazy people. It is said they are the souls of dead	 unbaptized children.	AAAAAA==
900413	Pixie	Friendly fairies of the forest that tend to hide from humans. They like to play tricks on lazy people. It is said they are the souls of dead	 unbaptized children.	AAAAAA==
900414	Fence	A mysterious god of ancient Japan. Most famously worshipped by Nagasunehiko	 who was defeated in battle against Emperor Jinmu	 Arahabaki came to be treated as a symbol of rebellion and defiance.	AAAAAA==
900511	Koumokuten	Also known as Virupaksha	 he is the protector of the West	 and is one of the four Heavenly Kings of Buddhist origin. He keeps a close watch on the world with his sharp gaze.	Koumokuten will <color=#72C5FF>Lock On</color> and attack 1 Phantom Thief. After attacking	 Koumokuten will be <color=#72C5FF>Weakened</color> for 1 turn	 making it unable to act and decreasing its Defense. This <color=#72C5FF>Weakened</color> state can be removed by <color=#FF423F>Apsaras</color>.
900512	Pixie	Friendly fairies of the forest that tend to hide from humans. They like to play tricks on lazy people. It is said they are the souls of dead	 unbaptized children.	AAAAAA==
900513	Pixie	Friendly fairies of the forest that tend to hide from humans. They like to play tricks on lazy people. It is said they are the souls of dead	 unbaptized children.	AAAAAA==
900514	Fence	A mysterious god of ancient Japan. Most famously worshipped by Nagasunehiko	 who was defeated in battle against Emperor Jinmu	 Arahabaki came to be treated as a symbol of rebellion and defiance.	AAAAAA==
900515	Apsaras	Hindu water spirits	 they are beautiful young women who dance for the gods. They also guide heroes fallen in battle to paradise.	AAAAAA==
900516	Black Ooze	A mass of malevolent intent and emotion that failed to become a true demon. All it does is eat	 prey	 and grow.	AAAAAA==
900517	Apsaras	Hindu water spirits	 they are beautiful young women who dance for the gods. They also guide heroes fallen in battle to paradise.	AAAAAA==
900611	Kin-Ki	One of the four oni controlled by Fujiwara no Chikata	 its body is so hard that no weapons can penetrate it. It and its comrades fell into hell through holes that can still be found in modern Iga.	When Kin-Ki takes damage	 it will <color=#72C5FF>Counterattack</color>. When <color=#FF423F>Saki Mitama</color> is defeated	 Kin-Ki can restore HP.
900612	Saki Mitama	One of the four aspects of Shinto thought	 it brings great bounty from the hunt. It is said to aid in love	 profit	 and growth	 and can create new paths.	AAAAAA==
900613	Fence	A mysterious god of ancient Japan. Most famously worshipped by Nagasunehiko	 who was defeated in battle against Emperor Jinmu	 Arahabaki came to be treated as a symbol of rebellion and defiance.	AAAAAA==
900614	Black Ooze	A mass of malevolent intent and emotion that failed to become a true demon. All it does is eat	 prey	 and grow.	AAAAAA==
900615	Pixie	Friendly fairies of the forest that tend to hide from humans. They like to play tricks on lazy people. It is said they are the souls of dead	 unbaptized children.	AAAAAA==
900616	Pixie	Friendly fairies of the forest that tend to hide from humans. They like to play tricks on lazy people. It is said they are the souls of dead	 unbaptized children.	AAAAAA==
900617	Saki Mitama	One of the four aspects of Shinto thought	 it brings great bounty from the hunt. It is said to aid in love	 profit	 and growth	 and can create new paths.	AAAAAA==
900711	Zouchouten	Also known as Virudhaka	 he is the protector of the South	 and is one of the four Heavenly Kings of Buddhist origin. He is the god of the five grains	 and was once the chief of the gods.	1. At the end of each turn	 gain 2 <color=#72C5FF>Seal of Power</color> stacks	 but lose 1 <color=#72C5FF>Seal of Power</color> stack if inflicted with a status ailment.
2. At the start of the turn	 if <color=#72C5FF>Seal of Power</color> has reached 8 stacks	 spend all <color=#72C5FF>Seal of Power</color> stacks to increase Attack by 100% for 1 turn.
900712	Pixie	Friendly fairies of the forest that tend to hide from humans. They like to play tricks on lazy people. It is said they are the souls of dead	 unbaptized children.	AAAAAA==
900713	Pixie	Friendly fairies of the forest that tend to hide from humans. They like to play tricks on lazy people. It is said they are the souls of dead	 unbaptized children.	AAAAAA==
900714	Fence	A mysterious god of ancient Japan. Most famously worshipped by Nagasunehiko	 who was defeated in battle against Emperor Jinmu	 Arahabaki came to be treated as a symbol of rebellion and defiance.	AAAAAA==
900715	Leanan Sidhe	A beautiful fairy of Irish lore that yearns for the love of a human man. She drains the life of her lovers in return for granting them artistic inspiration.	AAAAAA==
900716	Black Ooze	A mass of malevolent intent and emotion that failed to become a true demon. All it does is eat	 prey	 and grow.	AAAAAA==
900717	Leanan Sidhe	A beautiful fairy of Irish lore that yearns for the love of a human man. She drains the life of her lovers in return for granting them artistic inspiration.	AAAAAA==
900811	Oberon	The king of the fairies and Titania's husband. He is quite old but	 due to a curse	 his looks are that of a young boy. He often flirts with human women	 which sometimes earns him a scolding from his wife.	1. Each turn	 Oberon gains 4 <color=#72C5FF>Seal of Enhancement</color> stacks for 2 turns. Lose 1 stack after taking damage.
2. At the end of the turn	 if Titania has been defeated	 Oberon will <color=#FF423F>revive</color> Titania.
900812	Titania	The queen of the fairies and Oberon's wife. She is derived from the Roman goddess Diana. She was later immortalized in Shakespeare's play "A Midsummer Night's Dream."	1. If Titania takes damage	 it will <color=#72C5FF>Counterattack</color>
2. At the end of the turn	 if Oberon has been defeated	 Titania will <color=#FF423F>revive</color> Oberon.
900813	High Pixie	The leader of a swarm of pixies. Any pixie in a leadership role or with remarkable power is called by this name.	AAAAAA==
900814	Fence	A mysterious god of ancient Japan. Most famously worshipped by Nagasunehiko	 who was defeated in battle against Emperor Jinmu	 Arahabaki came to be treated as a symbol of rebellion and defiance.	AAAAAA==
900815	Black Ooze	A mass of malevolent intent and emotion that failed to become a true demon. All it does is eat	 prey	 and grow.	AAAAAA==
900816	Oberon	The king of the fairies and Titania's husband. He is quite old but	 due to a curse	 his looks are that of a young boy. He often flirts with human women	 which sometimes earns him a scolding from his wife.	AAAAAA==
900817	Titania	The queen of the fairies and Oberon's wife. She is derived from the Roman goddess Diana. She was later immortalized in Shakespeare's play "A Midsummer Night's Dream."	AAAAAA==
900818	High Pixie	The leader of a swarm of pixies. Any pixie in a leadership role or with remarkable power is called by this name.	AAAAAA==
901111	Shadow Kiuchi	Takeyuki Kiuchi's form in the cognitive world. His appearance reflects his distorted desires.	AAAAAA==
901112	Takeyuki "Cupid" Kiuchi	Shadow Kiuchi completely distorted by desire. Having lost all sense of self	 he can no longer maintain a human form.	AAAAAA==
901113	Takeyuki "Cupid" Kiuchi	Shadow Kiuchi completely distorted by desire. Having lost all sense of self	 he can no longer maintain a human form.	AAAAAA==
901114	Takeyuki "Cupid" Kiuchi	Shadow Kiuchi completely distorted by desire. Having lost all sense of self	 he can no longer maintain a human form.	AAAAAA==
901115	Devoted Girl	Kiuchi's personal cheerleader born from his cognition. She exists solely to cheer him on.	AAAAAA==
901116	Delusional Girl	Kiuchi's personal cheerleader born from his cognition. She exists solely to cheer him on.	AAAAAA==
901117	Devoted Girl	Kiuchi's personal cheerleader born from his cognition. She exists solely to cheer him on.	AAAAAA==
901118	Delusional Girl	Kiuchi's personal cheerleader born from his cognition. She exists solely to cheer him on.	AAAAAA==
901121	Shadow Kiuchi	Takeyuki Kiuchi's form in the cognitive world. His appearance reflects his distorted desires.	AAAAAA==
901122	Takeyuki "Cupid" Kiuchi	Shadow Kiuchi completely distorted by desire. Having lost all sense of self	 he can no longer maintain a human form.	AAAAAA==
901123	Takeyuki "Cupid" Kiuchi	Shadow Kiuchi completely distorted by desire. Having lost all sense of self	 he can no longer maintain a human form.	AAAAAA==
901124	Takeyuki "Cupid" Kiuchi	Shadow Kiuchi completely distorted by desire. Having lost all sense of self	 he can no longer maintain a human form.	AAAAAA==
901125	Devoted Girl	Kiuchi's personal cheerleader born from his cognition. She exists solely to cheer him on.	AAAAAA==
901126	Delusional Girl	Kiuchi's personal cheerleader born from his cognition. She exists solely to cheer him on.	AAAAAA==
901127	Devoted Girl	Kiuchi's personal cheerleader born from his cognition. She exists solely to cheer him on.	AAAAAA==
901128	Delusional Girl	Kiuchi's personal cheerleader born from his cognition. She exists solely to cheer him on.	AAAAAA==
901131	Shadow Kiuchi	Takeyuki Kiuchi's form in the cognitive world. His appearance reflects his distorted desires.	AAAAAA==
901132	Takeyuki "Cupid" Kiuchi	Shadow Kiuchi completely distorted by desire. Having lost all sense of self	 he can no longer maintain a human form.	AAAAAA==
901133	Takeyuki "Cupid" Kiuchi	Shadow Kiuchi completely distorted by desire. Having lost all sense of self	 he can no longer maintain a human form.	AAAAAA==
901134	Takeyuki "Cupid" Kiuchi	Shadow Kiuchi completely distorted by desire. Having lost all sense of self	 he can no longer maintain a human form.	AAAAAA==
901135	Devoted Girl	Kiuchi's personal cheerleader born from his cognition. She exists solely to cheer him on.	AAAAAA==
901136	Delusional Girl	Kiuchi's personal cheerleader born from his cognition. She exists solely to cheer him on.	AAAAAA==
901137	Devoted Girl	Kiuchi's personal cheerleader born from his cognition. She exists solely to cheer him on.	AAAAAA==
901138	Delusional Girl	Kiuchi's personal cheerleader born from his cognition. She exists solely to cheer him on.	AAAAAA==
901141	Shadow Kiuchi	Takeyuki Kiuchi's form in the cognitive world. His appearance reflects his distorted desires.	AAAAAA==
901142	Takeyuki "Cupid" Kiuchi	Shadow Kiuchi completely distorted by desire. Having lost all sense of self	 he can no longer maintain a human form.	AAAAAA==
901143	Takeyuki "Cupid" Kiuchi	Shadow Kiuchi completely distorted by desire. Having lost all sense of self	 he can no longer maintain a human form.	AAAAAA==
901144	Takeyuki "Cupid" Kiuchi	Shadow Kiuchi completely distorted by desire. Having lost all sense of self	 he can no longer maintain a human form.	AAAAAA==
901145	Devoted Girl	Kiuchi's personal cheerleader born from his cognition. She exists solely to cheer him on.	AAAAAA==
901146	Delusional Girl	Kiuchi's personal cheerleader born from his cognition. She exists solely to cheer him on.	AAAAAA==
901147	Devoted Girl	Kiuchi's personal cheerleader born from his cognition. She exists solely to cheer him on.	AAAAAA==
901148	Delusional Girl	Kiuchi's personal cheerleader born from his cognition. She exists solely to cheer him on.	AAAAAA==
901151	Shadow Kiuchi	Takeyuki Kiuchi's form in the cognitive world. His appearance reflects his distorted desires.	AAAAAA==
901152	Takeyuki "Cupid" Kiuchi	Shadow Kiuchi completely distorted by desire. Having lost all sense of self	 he can no longer maintain a human form.	AAAAAA==
901153	Takeyuki "Cupid" Kiuchi	Shadow Kiuchi completely distorted by desire. Having lost all sense of self	 he can no longer maintain a human form.	AAAAAA==
901154	Takeyuki "Cupid" Kiuchi	Shadow Kiuchi completely distorted by desire. Having lost all sense of self	 he can no longer maintain a human form.	AAAAAA==
901155	Devoted Girl	Kiuchi's personal cheerleader born from his cognition. She exists solely to cheer him on.	AAAAAA==
901156	Delusional Girl	Kiuchi's personal cheerleader born from his cognition. She exists solely to cheer him on.	AAAAAA==
901157	Devoted Girl	Kiuchi's personal cheerleader born from his cognition. She exists solely to cheer him on.	AAAAAA==
901158	Delusional Girl	Kiuchi's personal cheerleader born from his cognition. She exists solely to cheer him on.	AAAAAA==
901161	Shadow Kiuchi	Takeyuki Kiuchi's form in the cognitive world. His appearance reflects his distorted desires.	AAAAAA==
901162	Takeyuki "Cupid" Kiuchi	Shadow Kiuchi completely distorted by desire. Having lost all sense of self	 he can no longer maintain a human form.	AAAAAA==
901163	Takeyuki "Cupid" Kiuchi	Shadow Kiuchi completely distorted by desire. Having lost all sense of self	 he can no longer maintain a human form.	AAAAAA==
901164	Takeyuki "Cupid" Kiuchi	Shadow Kiuchi completely distorted by desire. Having lost all sense of self	 he can no longer maintain a human form.	AAAAAA==
901165	Devoted Girl	Kiuchi's personal cheerleader born from his cognition. She exists solely to cheer him on.	AAAAAA==
901166	Delusional Girl	Kiuchi's personal cheerleader born from his cognition. She exists solely to cheer him on.	AAAAAA==
901167	Devoted Girl	Kiuchi's personal cheerleader born from his cognition. She exists solely to cheer him on.	AAAAAA==
901168	Delusional Girl	Kiuchi's personal cheerleader born from his cognition. She exists solely to cheer him on.	AAAAAA==
901211	Shadow Miyazawa	Hiromu Miyazawa's form in the cognitive world. His appearance reflects his distorted desires.	AAAAAA==
901212	Shadow Miyazawa	Hiromu Miyazawa's form in the cognitive world. His appearance reflects his distorted desires.	AAAAAA==
901213	Hiromu "Aegipan" Miyazawa	Shadow Miyazawa completely distorted by desire. Having lost all sense of self	 he can no longer maintain a human form.	AAAAAA==
901214	Hiromu "Aegipan" Miyazawa	Shadow Miyazawa completely distorted by desire. Having lost all sense of self	 he can no longer maintain a human form.	AAAAAA==
901215	Hiromu "Aegipan" Miyazawa	Shadow Miyazawa completely distorted by desire. Having lost all sense of self	 he can no longer maintain a human form.	AAAAAA==
901216	Hiromu "Aegipan" Miyazawa	Shadow Miyazawa completely distorted by desire. Having lost all sense of self	 he can no longer maintain a human form.	AAAAAA==
901217	Shadow Miyazawa	Hiromu Miyazawa's form in the cognitive world. His appearance reflects his distorted desires.	AAAAAA==
901218	Projector	A projector Shadow Miyazawa placed in the vicinity.	AAAAAA==
901219	Sword of Vanity	A sword Shadow Miyazawa summoned.	AAAAAA==
901220	Sword of Vanity	A sword Shadow Miyazawa summoned.	AAAAAA==
901221	Shadow Miyazawa	Hiromu Miyazawa's form in the cognitive world. His appearance reflects his distorted desires.	AAAAAA==
901222	Shadow Miyazawa	Hiromu Miyazawa's form in the cognitive world. His appearance reflects his distorted desires.	AAAAAA==
901223	Hiromu "Aegipan" Miyazawa	Shadow Miyazawa completely distorted by desire. Having lost all sense of self	 he can no longer maintain a human form.	AAAAAA==
901224	Hiromu "Aegipan" Miyazawa	Shadow Miyazawa completely distorted by desire. Having lost all sense of self	 he can no longer maintain a human form.	AAAAAA==
901225	Hiromu "Aegipan" Miyazawa	Shadow Miyazawa completely distorted by desire. Having lost all sense of self	 he can no longer maintain a human form.	AAAAAA==
901226	Hiromu "Aegipan" Miyazawa	Shadow Miyazawa completely distorted by desire. Having lost all sense of self	 he can no longer maintain a human form.	AAAAAA==
901227	Shadow Miyazawa	Hiromu Miyazawa's form in the cognitive world. His appearance reflects his distorted desires.	AAAAAA==
901228	Projector	A projector Shadow Miyazawa placed in the vicinity.	AAAAAA==
901229	Sword of Vanity	A sword Shadow Miyazawa summoned.	AAAAAA==
901230	Sword of Vanity	A sword Shadow Miyazawa summoned.	AAAAAA==
901231	Shadow Miyazawa	Hiromu Miyazawa's form in the cognitive world. His appearance reflects his distorted desires.	AAAAAA==
901232	Shadow Miyazawa	Hiromu Miyazawa's form in the cognitive world. His appearance reflects his distorted desires.	AAAAAA==
901233	Hiromu "Aegipan" Miyazawa	Shadow Miyazawa completely distorted by desire. Having lost all sense of self	 he can no longer maintain a human form.	AAAAAA==
901234	Hiromu "Aegipan" Miyazawa	Shadow Miyazawa completely distorted by desire. Having lost all sense of self	 he can no longer maintain a human form.	AAAAAA==
901235	Hiromu "Aegipan" Miyazawa	Shadow Miyazawa completely distorted by desire. Having lost all sense of self	 he can no longer maintain a human form.	AAAAAA==
901236	Hiromu "Aegipan" Miyazawa	Shadow Miyazawa completely distorted by desire. Having lost all sense of self	 he can no longer maintain a human form.	AAAAAA==
901237	Shadow Miyazawa	Hiromu Miyazawa's form in the cognitive world. His appearance reflects his distorted desires.	AAAAAA==
901238	Projector	A projector Shadow Miyazawa placed in the vicinity.	AAAAAA==
901239	Sword of Vanity	A sword Shadow Miyazawa summoned.	AAAAAA==
901240	Sword of Vanity	A sword Shadow Miyazawa summoned.	AAAAAA==
901241	Shadow Miyazawa	Hiromu Miyazawa's form in the cognitive world. His appearance reflects his distorted desires.	AAAAAA==
901242	Shadow Miyazawa	Hiromu Miyazawa's form in the cognitive world. His appearance reflects his distorted desires.	AAAAAA==
901243	Hiromu "Aegipan" Miyazawa	Shadow Miyazawa completely distorted by desire. Having lost all sense of self	 he can no longer maintain a human form.	AAAAAA==
901244	Hiromu "Aegipan" Miyazawa	Shadow Miyazawa completely distorted by desire. Having lost all sense of self	 he can no longer maintain a human form.	AAAAAA==
901245	Hiromu "Aegipan" Miyazawa	Shadow Miyazawa completely distorted by desire. Having lost all sense of self	 he can no longer maintain a human form.	AAAAAA==
901246	Hiromu "Aegipan" Miyazawa	Shadow Miyazawa completely distorted by desire. Having lost all sense of self	 he can no longer maintain a human form.	AAAAAA==
901247	Shadow Miyazawa	Hiromu Miyazawa's form in the cognitive world. His appearance reflects his distorted desires.	AAAAAA==
901248	Projector	A projector Shadow Miyazawa placed in the vicinity.	AAAAAA==
901249	Sword of Vanity	A sword Shadow Miyazawa summoned.	AAAAAA==
901250	Sword of Vanity	A sword Shadow Miyazawa summoned.	AAAAAA==
901251	Shadow Miyazawa	Hiromu Miyazawa's form in the cognitive world. His appearance reflects his distorted desires.	AAAAAA==
901252	Shadow Miyazawa	Hiromu Miyazawa's form in the cognitive world. His appearance reflects his distorted desires.	AAAAAA==
901253	Hiromu "Aegipan" Miyazawa	Shadow Miyazawa completely distorted by desire. Having lost all sense of self	 he can no longer maintain a human form.	AAAAAA==
901254	Hiromu "Aegipan" Miyazawa	Shadow Miyazawa completely distorted by desire. Having lost all sense of self	 he can no longer maintain a human form.	AAAAAA==
901255	Hiromu "Aegipan" Miyazawa	Shadow Miyazawa completely distorted by desire. Having lost all sense of self	 he can no longer maintain a human form.	AAAAAA==
901256	Hiromu "Aegipan" Miyazawa	Shadow Miyazawa completely distorted by desire. Having lost all sense of self	 he can no longer maintain a human form.	AAAAAA==
901257	Shadow Miyazawa	Hiromu Miyazawa's form in the cognitive world. His appearance reflects his distorted desires.	AAAAAA==
901258	Projector	A projector Shadow Miyazawa placed in the vicinity.	AAAAAA==
901259	Sword of Vanity	A sword Shadow Miyazawa summoned.	AAAAAA==
901260	Sword of Vanity	A sword Shadow Miyazawa summoned.	AAAAAA==
901261	Shadow Miyazawa	Hiromu Miyazawa's form in the cognitive world. His appearance reflects his distorted desires.	AAAAAA==
901262	Shadow Miyazawa	Hiromu Miyazawa's form in the cognitive world. His appearance reflects his distorted desires.	AAAAAA==
901263	Hiromu "Aegipan" Miyazawa	Shadow Miyazawa completely distorted by desire. Having lost all sense of self	 he can no longer maintain a human form.	AAAAAA==
901264	Hiromu "Aegipan" Miyazawa	Shadow Miyazawa completely distorted by desire. Having lost all sense of self	 he can no longer maintain a human form.	AAAAAA==
901265	Hiromu "Aegipan" Miyazawa	Shadow Miyazawa completely distorted by desire. Having lost all sense of self	 he can no longer maintain a human form.	AAAAAA==
901266	Hiromu "Aegipan" Miyazawa	Shadow Miyazawa completely distorted by desire. Having lost all sense of self	 he can no longer maintain a human form.	AAAAAA==
901267	Shadow Miyazawa	Hiromu Miyazawa's form in the cognitive world. His appearance reflects his distorted desires.	AAAAAA==
901268	Projector	A projector Shadow Miyazawa placed in the vicinity.	AAAAAA==
901269	Sword of Vanity	A sword Shadow Miyazawa summoned.	AAAAAA==
901270	Sword of Vanity	A sword Shadow Miyazawa summoned.	AAAAAA==
901311	Wraith of Envy	-	Wraith of Envy:
1. The Wraith of Envy and its eyes share a <color=#72C5FF>Soul Link</color>.
Soul Link: Distributes all damage received between all Shadows who share this condition	 based on the percentage of their current HP.
2. Each turn	 the Wraith of Envy will lock on to 1 Phantom Thief	 and deal heavy damage to that Phantom Thief on the next turn.
901312	Wraith of Envy's Left Eye	-	AAAAAA==
901313	Wraith of Envy's Right Eye	-	AAAAAA==
901314	Wraith of Envy	-	Wraith of Envy:
1. While both of the Wraith of Envy's eyes are present	 all affinities will be Resist. When both eyes have been defeated	 it enters a Weakened state and will take more damage.
2. When the Wraith of Envy's eyes are defeated	 they will revive after 3 turns.
3. The Wraith of Envy will gather power every other turn	 and on the next turn uses Dark Whisper	 dealing heavy Curse damage to all Phantom Thieves. If both eyes are defeated while gathering power	 Dark Whisper will not be activated. If one eye is defeated while gathering power	 the damage of Dark Whisper will be decreased by 30%.
901315	Wraith of Envy's Left Eye	-	AAAAAA==
901316	Wraith of Envy's Right Eye	-	AAAAAA==
901317	Wraith of Envy	-	Wraith of Envy:
1. The Wraith of Envy and its eyes are in the <color=#72C5FF>Soul Link</color> state.
Soul Link: Distributes all damage received between all Shadows who share this condition	 based on the percentage of their current HP.
2. The Wraith of Envy is Enraged	 and its damage increases every turn.
901318	Wraith of Envy's Left Eye	-	AAAAAA==
901319	Wraith of Envy's Right Eye	-	AAAAAA==
901320	Ara Mitama	One of the four aspects of Shinto thought	 it has the power to grant ferocity. It is said to aid in one's bravery	 growth	 and endeavors	 though it can lead in a negative direction.	AAAAAA==
901321	Wraith of Envy's Left Eye	-	AAAAAA==
901322	Wraith of Envy's Right Eye	-	AAAAAA==
901323	Wraith of Envy's Left Eye	-	AAAAAA==
901324	Wraith of Envy's Right Eye	-	AAAAAA==
901325	Wraith of Envy's Left Eye	-	AAAAAA==
901326	Wraith of Envy's Right Eye	-	AAAAAA==
901410	Asura	The Hindu king of Asuras is named Maha Vairocana	 or "One Who Shines On All." In Buddhism	 he is known as Dainichi Nyorai.	1. Jikokuten has <color=#72C5FF>Sword that Defends the Nation</color>.
Sword that Defends the Nation: Grants a shield to all Shadows. Lasts for 2 turns.
2. Zouchouten has <color=#72C5FF>Growth of All Things</color>.
Growth of All Things: Permanently increases damage of all Shadows.
3. Koumokuten has <color=#72C5FF>Eye of Heaven</color>.
Eye of Heaven: Selects 1 Phantom Thief. Increases their damage taken	 and has Shadows focus attacks on them next turn.
4. Bishamonten has <color=#72C5FF>Parasol of Chaos</color>.
Parasol of Chaos: Covers the Shadow with the lowest HP	 and changes all affinities to Resist for 2 turns.
5. When the number of Four Heavenly Kings falls below 3	 they will sacrifice themselves to summon <color=#72C5FF>Asura</color>. <color=#72C5FF>Asura</color> has the special skills of the sacrificed King (if there are less than 2 special skills	 it will gain another King's special skill at random). <color=#72C5FF>Asura</color> activates its skill every turn.
901411	Jikokuten	Also known as Dhritarashtra	 he is the protector of the East	 and is one of the four Heavenly Kings of Buddhist origin. He helps maintain the security of the nation.	Jikokuten has <color=#72C5FF>Sword that Defends the Nation</color>.
Sword that Defends the Nation: Grants a shield to all Shadows. Lasts for 2 turns.
1. When the number of Four Heavenly Kings falls below 3	 they will sacrifice themselves to summon <color=#72C5FF>Asura</color>.
2. <color=#72C5FF>Asura</color> has the special skills of the sacrificed King (if there are less than 2 special skills	 it will gain another King's special skill at random.
3. <color=#72C5FF>Asura</color> activates its skill every turn.
901412	Zouchouten	Also known as Virudhaka	 he is the protector of the South	 and is one of the four Heavenly Kings of Buddhist origin. He is the god of the five grains	 and was once the chief of the gods.	Zouchouten has <color=#72C5FF>Growth of All Things</color>.
Growth of All Things: Permanently increases damage of all Shadows.
1. When the number of Four Heavenly Kings falls below 3	 they will sacrifice themselves to summon <color=#72C5FF>Asura</color>.
2. <color=#72C5FF>Asura</color> has the special skills of the sacrificed King (if there are less than 2 special skills	 it will gain another King's special skill at random.
3. <color=#72C5FF>Asura</color> activates its skill every turn.
901413	Koumokuten	Also known as Virupaksha	 he is the protector of the West	 and is one of the four Heavenly Kings of Buddhist origin. He keeps a close watch on the world with his sharp gaze.	Koumokuten has <color=#72C5FF>Eye of Heaven</color>.
Eye of Heaven: Selects 1 Phantom Thief. Increases their damage taken	 and has Shadows focus attacks on them next turn.
1. When the number of Four Heavenly Kings falls below 3	 they wil sacrifice themselves to summon <color=#72C5FF>Asura</color>.
2. <color=#72C5FF>Asura</color> has the special skills of the sacrificed King (if there are less than 2 special skills	 it will gain another King's special skill at random).
3. <color=#72C5FF>Asura</color> activates its skill every turn.
901414	Bishamonten	Also known as Tamonten and Vaishravana in Buddhist lore	 he is the strongest of the Heavenly Kings. He protects the North and is the god of war.	4. Bishamonten has <color=#72C5FF>Parasol of Chaos</color>.
Parasol of Chaos: Covers the Shadow with the lowest HP	 and changes all affinities to Resist for 2 turns.
1. When the number of Four Heavenly Kings falls below 3	 they will sacrifice themselves to summon <color=#72C5FF>Asura</color>.
2. <color=#72C5FF>Asura</color> has the special skills of the sacrificed King (if there are less than 2 special skills	 it will gain another King's special skill at random).
3. <color=#72C5FF>Asura</color> activates its skill every turn.
901415	Asura	The Hindu king of Asuras is named Maha Vairocana	 or "One Who Shines On All." In Buddhism	 he is known as Dainichi Nyorai.	1. When the number of Four Heavenly Kings falls below 3	 they will sacrifice themselves to summon <color=#72C5FF>Asura</color>.
2. <color=#72C5FF>Asura</color> has the special skills of the sacrificed King (if there are less than 2 special skills	 it will gain another King's special skill at random).
3. <color=#72C5FF>Asura</color> activates its skill every turn.
901510	Trumpeter	Angels that sound the trumpets at the time of the apocalypse. As each trumpet sounds	 the more plagues and disasters will occur	 turning the earth into a land of death and suffering.	1. At the start of battle	 Trumpeter summons the Four Horsemen	 and becomes invincible. The Four Horsemen share a <color=#72C5FF>Soul Link</color>	 and if all four are defeated	 Trumpeter will enter a Mania state.
Soul Link: When a Shadow with Soul Link takes damage	 split the damage between all Shadows with Soul Link	 based on its current HP.
2. Trumpeter and the Four Horsemen will sound their horns once every 3 turns. They cannot sound their horns if they are affected by a spiritual ailment.
3. White Rider: On Trumpeter's command	 it will sound the <color=#72C5FF>Horn of Pestilence</color>	 decreasing the max HP of 1 random Phantom Thief.
4. Red Rider: On Trumpeter's command	 it will sound the <color=#72C5FF>Horn of War</color>	 granting itself the <color=#72C5FF>Horn of War</color> status for 1 turn. When this status is active	 it will counterattack when attacked.
5. Black Rider: On Trumpeter's command	 it will sound the <color=#72C5FF>Horn of Famine</color>	 increasing the SP cost of skills for 1 random Phantom Thief.
6. Pale Rider: On Trumpeter's command	 it will sound the <color=#72C5FF>Horn of Death</color>	 decreasing the healing effects of all Phantom Thieves' skills	 and increasing all Shadows' damage. Lasts for 2 turns.
7. Trumpeter: Each time the Four Horsemen sound a horn	 Trumpeter gains 1 stack of <color=#72C5FF>Power of Ruin</color>. After all Four Horsemen have been commanded	 Trumpeter will prepare for 1 turn before sounding the <color=#72C5FF>Horn of Ruin</color>. This will spend all stacks of <color=#72C5FF>Power of Ruin</color> to deal Almighty damage to all Phantom Thieves (increase damage based on the Attack of all Four Horsemen). Effects are based on the number of stacks of <color=#72C5FF>Power of Ruin</color> spent.
1 stack: Final attack power increases by 25%.
2 stacks: Damage increases by 15%.
3 stacks: All Four Horsemen heal 10% of their HP.
4 stacks: This attack is guaranteed to be a critical hit.
8. After all Four Horsemen have been defeated once	 Trumpeter will enter a Mania state	 sacrificing 50% of its own HP to revive the Four Horsemen	 and becoming invincible again. The Four Horsemen share a <color=#72C5FF>Soul Link</color>	 and once they are defeated	 Trumpeter will lose its invincibility.
9. When in the Mania state	 Trumpeter does not spend <color=#72C5FF>Power of Ruin</color> when it sounds the <color=#72C5FF>Horn of Ruin</color>	 but still gains effects based on the total number of <color=#72C5FF>Power of Ruin</color> stacks. The number of stacks of <color=#72C5FF>Power of Ruin</color> will increase the damage of all Shadows.
901511	Trumpeter	Angels that sound the trumpets at the time of the apocalypse. As each trumpet sounds	 the more plagues and disasters will occur	 turning the earth into a land of death and suffering.	1. At the start of battle	 Trumpeter summons the Four Horsemen	 and becomes invincible. The Four Horsemen share a <color=#72C5FF>Soul Link</color>	 and if all four are defeated	 Trumpeter will enter a Mania state.
Soul Link: When a Shadow with Soul Link takes damage	 split the damage between all Shadows with Soul Link	 based on its current HP.
2. Trumpeter and the Four Horsemen will sound their horns once every 3 turns. They cannot sound their horns if they are affected by a spiritual ailment.
3. White Rider: On Trumpeter's command	 it will sound the <color=#72C5FF>Horn of Pestilence</color>	 decreasing the max HP of 1 random Phantom Thief.
4. Red Rider: On Trumpeter's command	 it will sound the <color=#72C5FF>Horn of War</color>	 granting itself the <color=#72C5FF>Horn of War</color> status for 1 turn. When this status is active	 it will counterattack when attacked.
5. Black Rider: On Trumpeter's command	 it will sound the <color=#72C5FF>Horn of Famine</color>	 increasing the SP cost of skills for 1 random Phantom Thief.
6. Pale Rider: On Trumpeter's command	 it will sound the <color=#72C5FF>Horn of Death</color>	 decreasing the healing effects of all Phantom Thieves' skills	 and increasing all Shadows' damage. Lasts for 2 turns.
7. Trumpeter: Each time the Four Horsemen sound a horn	 Trumpeter gains 1 stack of <color=#72C5FF>Power of Ruin</color>. After all Four Horsemen have been commanded	 Trumpeter will prepare for 1 turn before sounding the <color=#72C5FF>Horn of Ruin</color>. This will spend all stacks of <color=#72C5FF>Power of Ruin</color> to deal Almighty damage to all Phantom Thieves (increase damage based on the Attack of all Four Horsemen). Effects are based on the number of stacks of <color=#72C5FF>Power of Ruin</color> spent.
1 stack: Final attack power increases by 25%.
2 stacks: Damage increases by 15%.
3 stacks: All Four Horsemen heal 10% of their HP.
4 stacks: This attack is guaranteed to be a critical hit.
8. After all Four Horsemen have been defeated once	 Trumpeter will enter a Mania state	 sacrificing 50% of its own HP to revive the Four Horsemen	 and becoming invincible again. The Four Horsemen share a <color=#72C5FF>Soul Link</color>	 and once they are defeated	 Trumpeter will lose its invincibility.
9. When in the Mania state	 Trumpeter does not spend <color=#72C5FF>Power of Ruin</color> when it sounds the <color=#72C5FF>Horn of Ruin</color>	 but still gains effects based on the total number of <color=#72C5FF>Power of Ruin</color> stacks. The number of stacks of <color=#72C5FF>Power of Ruin</color> will increase the damage of all Shadows.
901512	Trumpeter	Angels that sound the trumpets at the time of the apocalypse. As each trumpet sounds	 the more plagues and disasters will occur	 turning the earth into a land of death and suffering.	AAAAAA==
901513	White Rider	One of the Four Horsemen of the Apocalypse	 he rides a white horse with a bow in hand. A crown was granted to him	 and he promises victory.	AAAAAA==
901514	Red Rider	One of the Four Horsemen of the Apocalypse	 he rides a red horse and carries a great sword. He has the power to destroy peace and make men slay one another.	AAAAAA==
901515	Black Rider	One of the Four Horsemen of the Apocalypse	 he rides a black horse and carries scales. He brings famine and has the right to end lives through suffering.	AAAAAA==
901516	Pale Rider	One of the Four Horsemen of the Apocalypse	 he rides a pale horse and represents death. He has the power to destroy life.	AAAAAA==
911011	Bicorn	An evil creature with two curving horns from European folklore. It represents impurity	 unlike the Unicorn. Said to be derived from Re'em in the Bible. Another legend says that it feeds off of loyal husbands.	AAAAAA==
911012	Bicorn	An evil creature with two curving horns from European folklore. It represents impurity	 unlike the Unicorn. Said to be derived from Re'em in the Bible. Another legend says that it feeds off of loyal husbands.	AAAAAA==
911021	Eligor	One of the 72 demons of the Goetia. He looks like a knight and has the power to see things to come. He also knows much about war.	AAAAAA==
911031	Berith	One of the 72 demons of the Goetia. Known as the Duke of Hell	 he rides a gigantic horse and burns those without manners.	AAAAAA==
911032	Berith	One of the 72 demons of the Goetia. Known as the Duke of Hell	 he rides a gigantic horse and burns those without manners.	AAAAAA==
911041	Security Chief	-	AAAAAA==
911051	Eligor	One of the 72 demons of the Goetia. He looks like a knight and has the power to see things to come. He also knows much about war.	AAAAAA==
911061	Berith	One of the 72 demons of the Goetia. Known as the Duke of Hell	 he rides a gigantic horse and burns those without manners.	AAAAAA==
911062	Berith	One of the 72 demons of the Goetia. Known as the Duke of Hell	 he rides a gigantic horse and burns those without manners.	AAAAAA==
911063	Succubus	A female demon of European lore in medieval times. They visit sleeping men and have sexual intercourse with them. The victims don't wake up but may dream of the encounter.	AAAAAA==
911064	Succubus	A female demon of European lore in medieval times. They visit sleeping men and have sexual intercourse with them. The victims don't wake up but may dream of the encounter.	AAAAAA==
911071	Archangel	Eighth of the nine orders of angels. Their duty is to minister to humans and deliver messages. They are warriors of Heaven and lead Heaven's forces during battle with the armies of evil.	AAAAAA==
911081	Archangel	Eighth of the nine orders of angels. Their duty is to minister to humans and deliver messages. They are warriors of Heaven and lead Heaven's forces during battle with the armies of evil.	AAAAAA==
911091	Eligor	One of the 72 demons of the Goetia. He looks like a knight and has the power to see things to come. He also knows much about war.	AAAAAA==
911092	Berith	One of the 72 demons of the Goetia. Known as the Duke of Hell	 he rides a gigantic horse and burns those without manners.	AAAAAA==
911101	Archangel	Eighth of the nine orders of angels. Their duty is to minister to humans and deliver messages. They are warriors of Heaven and lead Heaven's forces during battle with the armies of evil.	AAAAAA==
911102	Pixie	Friendly fairies of the forest that tend to hide from humans. They like to play tricks on lazy people. It is said they are the souls of dead	 unbaptized children.	AAAAAA==
911103	Pixie	Friendly fairies of the forest that tend to hide from humans. They like to play tricks on lazy people. It is said they are the souls of dead	 unbaptized children.	AAAAAA==
911111	Torn King of Desire	-	AAAAAA==
911211	Agathion	A general term for familiars used by Judeo-Christian magicians	 they are usually sealed away in bottles	 rings	 or talismans. They torment the target selected by the conjuror.	AAAAAA==
911212	Agathion	A general term for familiars used by Judeo-Christian magicians	 they are usually sealed away in bottles	 rings	 or talismans. They torment the target selected by the conjuror.	AAAAAA==
911321	Incubus	A male demon of European lore in medieval times. They visit sleeping women and have sexual intercourse with them. The resulting children become witches or wizards.	AAAAAA==
911322	Incubus	A male demon of European lore in medieval times. They visit sleeping women and have sexual intercourse with them. The resulting children become witches or wizards.	AAAAAA==
911331	Eligor	One of the 72 demons of the Goetia. He looks like a knight and has the power to see things to come. He also knows much about war.	AAAAAA==
911332	Berith	One of the 72 demons of the Goetia. Known as the Duke of Hell	 he rides a gigantic horse and burns those without manners.	AAAAAA==
911221	Kelpie	A horse-like fairy of Celtic folklore that lives by the water. It drowns those who ride on it	 but is a valuable mount if you can tame it.	AAAAAA==
911222	Kelpie	A horse-like fairy of Celtic folklore that lives by the water. It drowns those who ride on it	 but is a valuable mount if you can tame it.	AAAAAA==
911231	Silky	A fairy of England and Scotland. She carries out household chores while everyone sleeps and is a welcome spirit. It is said you can hear her silk skirt rustle as she works.	AAAAAA==
911232	Silky	A fairy of England and Scotland. She carries out household chores while everyone sleeps and is a welcome spirit. It is said you can hear her silk skirt rustle as she works.	AAAAAA==
911241	Mandrake	A magical plant whose roots look like a human. They are valued for their healing properties in potions	 but the screams they let out when pulled from the ground will kill anyone who hears them.	AAAAAA==
911242	Mandrake	A magical plant whose roots look like a human. They are valued for their healing properties in potions	 but the screams they let out when pulled from the ground will kill anyone who hears them.	AAAAAA==
911251	Silky	A fairy of England and Scotland. She carries out household chores while everyone sleeps and is a welcome spirit. It is said you can hear her silk skirt rustle as she works.	AAAAAA==
911252	Incubus	A male demon of European lore in medieval times. They visit sleeping women and have sexual intercourse with them. The resulting children become witches or wizards.	AAAAAA==
911253	Incubus	A male demon of European lore in medieval times. They visit sleeping women and have sexual intercourse with them. The resulting children become witches or wizards.	AAAAAA==
911261	Pixie	Friendly fairies of the forest that tend to hide from humans. They like to play tricks on lazy people. It is said they are the souls of dead	 unbaptized children.	AAAAAA==
911262	Pixie	Friendly fairies of the forest that tend to hide from humans. They like to play tricks on lazy people. It is said they are the souls of dead	 unbaptized children.	AAAAAA==
911263	Pixie	Friendly fairies of the forest that tend to hide from humans. They like to play tricks on lazy people. It is said they are the souls of dead	 unbaptized children.	AAAAAA==
911264	Pixie	Friendly fairies of the forest that tend to hide from humans. They like to play tricks on lazy people. It is said they are the souls of dead	 unbaptized children.	AAAAAA==
911271	Angel	Ninth of the nineorders of angels.They are closest in nature to humans.They watch over individuals and warn those who stray from the path.	AAAAAA==
911272	Angel	Ninth of the nineorders of angels.They are closest in nature to humans.They watch over individuals and warn those who stray from the path.	AAAAAA==
911281	Kelpie	A horse-like fairy of Celtic folklore that lives by the water. It drowns those who ride on it	 but is a valuable mount if you can tame it.	AAAAAA==
911282	Kelpie	A horse-like fairy of Celtic folklore that lives by the water. It drowns those who ride on it	 but is a valuable mount if you can tame it.	AAAAAA==
911283	Kelpie	A horse-like fairy of Celtic folklore that lives by the water. It drowns those who ride on it	 but is a valuable mount if you can tame it.	AAAAAA==
911284	Kelpie	A horse-like fairy of Celtic folklore that lives by the water. It drowns those who ride on it	 but is a valuable mount if you can tame it.	AAAAAA==
911291	Berith	One of the 72 demons of the Goetia. Known as the Duke of Hell	 he rides a gigantic horse and burns those without manners.	AAAAAA==
911292	Berith	One of the 72 demons of the Goetia. Known as the Duke of Hell	 he rides a gigantic horse and burns those without manners.	AAAAAA==
911371	Eligor	One of the 72 demons of the Goetia. He looks like a knight and has the power to see things to come. He also knows much about war.	AAAAAA==
911301	Andras	One of the 72 demons of the Goetia. The great Marquis of Hell	 he appears where there is battle to stoke the hatred within soldiers. He helps defeat the enemies of those who summon him.	AAAAAA==
911302	Andras	One of the 72 demons of the Goetia. The great Marquis of Hell	 he appears where there is battle to stoke the hatred within soldiers. He helps defeat the enemies of those who summon him.	AAAAAA==
911311	Archangel	Eighth of the nine orders of angels. Their duty is to minister to humans and deliver messages. They are warriors of Heaven and lead Heaven's forces during battle with the armies of evil.	AAAAAA==
911312	Pixie	Friendly fairies of the forest that tend to hide from humans. They like to play tricks on lazy people. It is said they are the souls of dead	 unbaptized children.	AAAAAA==
911313	Pixie	Friendly fairies of the forest that tend to hide from humans. They like to play tricks on lazy people. It is said they are the souls of dead	 unbaptized children.	AAAAAA==
911201	Berith	One of the 72 demons of the Goetia. Known as the Duke of Hell	 he rides a gigantic horse and burns those without manners.	AAAAAA==
911461	Incubus	A male demon of European lore in medieval times. They visit sleeping women and have sexual intercourse with them. The resulting children become witches or wizards.	AAAAAA==
911462	Incubus	A male demon of European lore in medieval times. They visit sleeping women and have sexual intercourse with them. The resulting children become witches or wizards.	AAAAAA==
911463	Incubus	A male demon of European lore in medieval times. They visit sleeping women and have sexual intercourse with them. The resulting children become witches or wizards.	AAAAAA==
911466	Bicorn	An evil creature with two curving horns from European folklore. It represents impurity	 unlike the Unicorn. Said to be derived from Re'em in the Bible. Another legend says that it feeds off of loyal husbands.	AAAAAA==
911467	Bicorn	An evil creature with two curving horns from European folklore. It represents impurity	 unlike the Unicorn. Said to be derived from Re'em in the Bible. Another legend says that it feeds off of loyal husbands.	AAAAAA==
911471	Succubus	A female demon of European lore in medieval times. They visit sleeping men and have sexual intercourse with them. The victims don't wake up but may dream of the encounter.	AAAAAA==
911472	Succubus	A female demon of European lore in medieval times. They visit sleeping men and have sexual intercourse with them. The victims don't wake up but may dream of the encounter.	AAAAAA==
911473	Succubus	A female demon of European lore in medieval times. They visit sleeping men and have sexual intercourse with them. The victims don't wake up but may dream of the encounter.	AAAAAA==
911476	Kelpie	A horse-like fairy of Celtic folklore that lives by the water. It drowns those who ride on it	 but is a valuable mount if you can tame it.	AAAAAA==
911477	Kelpie	A horse-like fairy of Celtic folklore that lives by the water. It drowns those who ride on it	 but is a valuable mount if you can tame it.	AAAAAA==
911478	Kelpie	A horse-like fairy of Celtic folklore that lives by the water. It drowns those who ride on it	 but is a valuable mount if you can tame it.	AAAAAA==
911481	Agathion	A general term for familiars used by Judeo-Christian magicians	 they are usually sealed away in bottles	 rings	 or talismans. They torment the target selected by the conjuror.	AAAAAA==
911482	Agathion	A general term for familiars used by Judeo-Christian magicians	 they are usually sealed away in bottles	 rings	 or talismans. They torment the target selected by the conjuror.	AAAAAA==
911483	Agathion	A general term for familiars used by Judeo-Christian magicians	 they are usually sealed away in bottles	 rings	 or talismans. They torment the target selected by the conjuror.	AAAAAA==
911486	Jack-o'-Lantern	A drunkard who tricked the Devil out of taking him to Hell. When refused entry to Heaven	 he was forced to wander the earth with only an ember as a light.	AAAAAA==
911487	Jack-o'-Lantern	A drunkard who tricked the Devil out of taking him to Hell. When refused entry to Heaven	 he was forced to wander the earth with only an ember as a light.	AAAAAA==
911488	Jack-o'-Lantern	A drunkard who tricked the Devil out of taking him to Hell. When refused entry to Heaven	 he was forced to wander the earth with only an ember as a light.	AAAAAA==
911411	Agathion	A general term for familiars used by Judeo-Christian magicians	 they are usually sealed away in bottles	 rings	 or talismans. They torment the target selected by the conjuror.	AAAAAA==
911412	Agathion	A general term for familiars used by Judeo-Christian magicians	 they are usually sealed away in bottles	 rings	 or talismans. They torment the target selected by the conjuror.	AAAAAA==
911413	Agathion	A general term for familiars used by Judeo-Christian magicians	 they are usually sealed away in bottles	 rings	 or talismans. They torment the target selected by the conjuror.	AAAAAA==
911414	Agathion	A general term for familiars used by Judeo-Christian magicians	 they are usually sealed away in bottles	 rings	 or talismans. They torment the target selected by the conjuror.	AAAAAA==
911421	Bicorn	An evil creature with two curving horns from European folklore. It represents impurity	 unlike the Unicorn. Said to be derived from Re'em in the Bible. Another legend says that it feeds off of loyal husbands.	AAAAAA==
911422	Bicorn	An evil creature with two curving horns from European folklore. It represents impurity	 unlike the Unicorn. Said to be derived from Re'em in the Bible. Another legend says that it feeds off of loyal husbands.	AAAAAA==
911423	Kelpie	A horse-like fairy of Celtic folklore that lives by the water. It drowns those who ride on it	 but is a valuable mount if you can tame it.	AAAAAA==
911424	Kelpie	A horse-like fairy of Celtic folklore that lives by the water. It drowns those who ride on it	 but is a valuable mount if you can tame it.	AAAAAA==
911431	Pixie	Friendly fairies of the forest that tend to hide from humans. They like to play tricks on lazy people. It is said they are the souls of dead	 unbaptized children.	AAAAAA==
911432	Agathion	A general term for familiars used by Judeo-Christian magicians	 they are usually sealed away in bottles	 rings	 or talismans. They torment the target selected by the conjuror.	AAAAAA==
911433	Incubus	A male demon of European lore in medieval times. They visit sleeping women and have sexual intercourse with them. The resulting children become witches or wizards.	AAAAAA==
911434	Incubus	A male demon of European lore in medieval times. They visit sleeping women and have sexual intercourse with them. The resulting children become witches or wizards.	AAAAAA==
911435	Succubus	A female demon of European lore in medieval times. They visit sleeping men and have sexual intercourse with them. The victims don't wake up but may dream of the encounter.	AAAAAA==
911436	Succubus	A female demon of European lore in medieval times. They visit sleeping men and have sexual intercourse with them. The victims don't wake up but may dream of the encounter.	AAAAAA==
911491	Eligor	One of the 72 demons of the Goetia. He looks like a knight and has the power to see things to come. He also knows much about war.	AAAAAA==
911191	Archangel	Eighth of the nine orders of angels. Their duty is to minister to humans and deliver messages. They are warriors of Heaven and lead Heaven's forces during battle with the armies of evil.	AAAAAA==
911192	Pixie	Friendly fairies of the forest that tend to hide from humans. They like to play tricks on lazy people. It is said they are the souls of dead	 unbaptized children.	AAAAAA==
911193	Pixie	Friendly fairies of the forest that tend to hide from humans. They like to play tricks on lazy people. It is said they are the souls of dead	 unbaptized children.	AAAAAA==
911441	Andras	One of the 72 demons of the Goetia. The great Marquis of Hell	 he appears where there is battle to stoke the hatred within soldiers. He helps defeat the enemies of those who summon him.	AAAAAA==
911442	Andras	One of the 72 demons of the Goetia. The great Marquis of Hell	 he appears where there is battle to stoke the hatred within soldiers. He helps defeat the enemies of those who summon him.	AAAAAA==
911443	Andras	One of the 72 demons of the Goetia. The great Marquis of Hell	 he appears where there is battle to stoke the hatred within soldiers. He helps defeat the enemies of those who summon him.	AAAAAA==
911451	Eligor	One of the 72 demons of the Goetia. He looks like a knight and has the power to see things to come. He also knows much about war.	AAAAAA==
911452	Berith	One of the 72 demons of the Goetia. Known as the Duke of Hell	 he rides a gigantic horse and burns those without manners.	AAAAAA==
911453	Berith	One of the 72 demons of the Goetia. Known as the Duke of Hell	 he rides a gigantic horse and burns those without manners.	AAAAAA==
911454	Berith	One of the 72 demons of the Goetia. Known as the Duke of Hell	 he rides a gigantic horse and burns those without manners.	AAAAAA==
911455	Berith	One of the 72 demons of the Goetia. Known as the Duke of Hell	 he rides a gigantic horse and burns those without manners.	AAAAAA==
911501	Sinner of Lust	-	AAAAAA==
911502	Sinner of Lust	-	AAAAAA==
911503	Sinner of Lust	-	AAAAAA==
911506	Crown of Desire	-	AAAAAA==
911507	Crown of Desire	-	AAAAAA==
911508	Crown of Desire	-	AAAAAA==
911511	Pixie	Friendly fairies of the forest that tend to hide from humans. They like to play tricks on lazy people. It is said they are the souls of dead	 unbaptized children.	AAAAAA==
911512	Pixie	Friendly fairies of the forest that tend to hide from humans. They like to play tricks on lazy people. It is said they are the souls of dead	 unbaptized children.	AAAAAA==
911521	Jack-o'-Lantern	A drunkard who tricked the Devil out of taking him to Hell. When refused entry to Heaven	 he was forced to wander the earth with only an ember as a light.	AAAAAA==
911522	Jack-o'-Lantern	A drunkard who tricked the Devil out of taking him to Hell. When refused entry to Heaven	 he was forced to wander the earth with only an ember as a light.	AAAAAA==
911531	Agathion	A general term for familiars used by Judeo-Christian magicians	 they are usually sealed away in bottles	 rings	 or talismans. They torment the target selected by the conjuror.	AAAAAA==
911532	Agathion	A general term for familiars used by Judeo-Christian magicians	 they are usually sealed away in bottles	 rings	 or talismans. They torment the target selected by the conjuror.	AAAAAA==
911541	Pixie	Friendly fairies of the forest that tend to hide from humans. They like to play tricks on lazy people. It is said they are the souls of dead	 unbaptized children.	AAAAAA==
911542	Pixie	Friendly fairies of the forest that tend to hide from humans. They like to play tricks on lazy people. It is said they are the souls of dead	 unbaptized children.	AAAAAA==
911551	Mandrake	A magical plant whose roots look like a human. They are valued for their healing properties in potions	 but the screams they let out when pulled from the ground will kill anyone who hears them.	AAAAAA==
911552	Mandrake	A magical plant whose roots look like a human. They are valued for their healing properties in potions	 but the screams they let out when pulled from the ground will kill anyone who hears them.	AAAAAA==
911561	Agathion	A general term for familiars used by Judeo-Christian magicians	 they are usually sealed away in bottles	 rings	 or talismans. They torment the target selected by the conjuror.	AAAAAA==
911562	Agathion	A general term for familiars used by Judeo-Christian magicians	 they are usually sealed away in bottles	 rings	 or talismans. They torment the target selected by the conjuror.	AAAAAA==
911571	Incubus	A male demon of European lore in medieval times. They visit sleeping women and have sexual intercourse with them. The resulting children become witches or wizards.	AAAAAA==
911572	Incubus	A male demon of European lore in medieval times. They visit sleeping women and have sexual intercourse with them. The resulting children become witches or wizards.	AAAAAA==
911581	Kelpie	A horse-like fairy of Celtic folklore that lives by the water. It drowns those who ride on it	 but is a valuable mount if you can tame it.	AAAAAA==
911582	Kelpie	A horse-like fairy of Celtic folklore that lives by the water. It drowns those who ride on it	 but is a valuable mount if you can tame it.	AAAAAA==
911591	Pixie	Friendly fairies of the forest that tend to hide from humans. They like to play tricks on lazy people. It is said they are the souls of dead	 unbaptized children.	AAAAAA==
911592	Agathion	A general term for familiars used by Judeo-Christian magicians	 they are usually sealed away in bottles	 rings	 or talismans. They torment the target selected by the conjuror.	AAAAAA==
911593	Agathion	A general term for familiars used by Judeo-Christian magicians	 they are usually sealed away in bottles	 rings	 or talismans. They torment the target selected by the conjuror.	AAAAAA==
911601	Incubus	A male demon of European lore in medieval times. They visit sleeping women and have sexual intercourse with them. The resulting children become witches or wizards.	AAAAAA==
911602	Incubus	A male demon of European lore in medieval times. They visit sleeping women and have sexual intercourse with them. The resulting children become witches or wizards.	AAAAAA==
911603	Incubus	A male demon of European lore in medieval times. They visit sleeping women and have sexual intercourse with them. The resulting children become witches or wizards.	AAAAAA==
911604	Incubus	A male demon of European lore in medieval times. They visit sleeping women and have sexual intercourse with them. The resulting children become witches or wizards.	AAAAAA==
911611	Pixie	Friendly fairies of the forest that tend to hide from humans. They like to play tricks on lazy people. It is said they are the souls of dead	 unbaptized children.	AAAAAA==
911612	Agathion	A general term for familiars used by Judeo-Christian magicians	 they are usually sealed away in bottles	 rings	 or talismans. They torment the target selected by the conjuror.	AAAAAA==
911613	Agathion	A general term for familiars used by Judeo-Christian magicians	 they are usually sealed away in bottles	 rings	 or talismans. They torment the target selected by the conjuror.	AAAAAA==
911621	Silky	A fairy of England and Scotland. She carries out household chores while everyone sleeps and is a welcome spirit. It is said you can hear her silk skirt rustle as she works.	AAAAAA==
911622	Incubus	A male demon of European lore in medieval times. They visit sleeping women and have sexual intercourse with them. The resulting children become witches or wizards.	AAAAAA==
911623	Incubus	A male demon of European lore in medieval times. They visit sleeping women and have sexual intercourse with them. The resulting children become witches or wizards.	AAAAAA==
911631	Berith	One of the 72 demons of the Goetia. Known as the Duke of Hell	 he rides a gigantic horse and burns those without manners.	AAAAAA==
911641	Silky	A fairy of England and Scotland. She carries out household chores while everyone sleeps and is a welcome spirit. It is said you can hear her silk skirt rustle as she works.	AAAAAA==
911642	Silky	A fairy of England and Scotland. She carries out household chores while everyone sleeps and is a welcome spirit. It is said you can hear her silk skirt rustle as she works.	AAAAAA==
911643	Incubus	A male demon of European lore in medieval times. They visit sleeping women and have sexual intercourse with them. The resulting children become witches or wizards.	AAAAAA==
911651	Pixie	Friendly fairies of the forest that tend to hide from humans. They like to play tricks on lazy people. It is said they are the souls of dead	 unbaptized children.	AAAAAA==
911652	Agathion	A general term for familiars used by Judeo-Christian magicians	 they are usually sealed away in bottles	 rings	 or talismans. They torment the target selected by the conjuror.	AAAAAA==
911653	Agathion	A general term for familiars used by Judeo-Christian magicians	 they are usually sealed away in bottles	 rings	 or talismans. They torment the target selected by the conjuror.	AAAAAA==
911654	Agathion	A general term for familiars used by Judeo-Christian magicians	 they are usually sealed away in bottles	 rings	 or talismans. They torment the target selected by the conjuror.	AAAAAA==
911661	Kelpie	A horse-like fairy of Celtic folklore that lives by the water. It drowns those who ride on it	 but is a valuable mount if you can tame it.	AAAAAA==
911662	Kelpie	A horse-like fairy of Celtic folklore that lives by the water. It drowns those who ride on it	 but is a valuable mount if you can tame it.	AAAAAA==
911671	Mandrake	A magical plant whose roots look like a human. They are valued for their healing properties in potions	 but the screams they let out when pulled from the ground will kill anyone who hears them.	AAAAAA==
911672	Mandrake	A magical plant whose roots look like a human. They are valued for their healing properties in potions	 but the screams they let out when pulled from the ground will kill anyone who hears them.	AAAAAA==
911681	Bicorn	An evil creature with two curving horns from European folklore. It represents impurity	 unlike the Unicorn. Said to be derived from Re'em in the Bible. Another legend says that it feeds off of loyal husbands.	AAAAAA==
911682	Bicorn	An evil creature with two curving horns from European folklore. It represents impurity	 unlike the Unicorn. Said to be derived from Re'em in the Bible. Another legend says that it feeds off of loyal husbands.	AAAAAA==
911691	Silky	A fairy of England and Scotland. She carries out household chores while everyone sleeps and is a welcome spirit. It is said you can hear her silk skirt rustle as she works.	AAAAAA==
911692	Jack-o'-Lantern	A drunkard who tricked the Devil out of taking him to Hell. When refused entry to Heaven	 he was forced to wander the earth with only an ember as a light.	AAAAAA==
911693	Jack-o'-Lantern	A drunkard who tricked the Devil out of taking him to Hell. When refused entry to Heaven	 he was forced to wander the earth with only an ember as a light.	AAAAAA==
911701	Berith	One of the 72 demons of the Goetia. Known as the Duke of Hell	 he rides a gigantic horse and burns those without manners.	AAAAAA==
911702	Silky	A fairy of England and Scotland. She carries out household chores while everyone sleeps and is a welcome spirit. It is said you can hear her silk skirt rustle as she works.	AAAAAA==
911711	Agathion	A general term for familiars used by Judeo-Christian magicians	 they are usually sealed away in bottles	 rings	 or talismans. They torment the target selected by the conjuror.	AAAAAA==
911712	Agathion	A general term for familiars used by Judeo-Christian magicians	 they are usually sealed away in bottles	 rings	 or talismans. They torment the target selected by the conjuror.	AAAAAA==
911713	Agathion	A general term for familiars used by Judeo-Christian magicians	 they are usually sealed away in bottles	 rings	 or talismans. They torment the target selected by the conjuror.	AAAAAA==
911721	Kelpie	A horse-like fairy of Celtic folklore that lives by the water. It drowns those who ride on it	 but is a valuable mount if you can tame it.	AAAAAA==
911722	Kelpie	A horse-like fairy of Celtic folklore that lives by the water. It drowns those who ride on it	 but is a valuable mount if you can tame it.	AAAAAA==
911731	Mandrake	A magical plant whose roots look like a human. They are valued for their healing properties in potions	 but the screams they let out when pulled from the ground will kill anyone who hears them.	AAAAAA==
911732	Mandrake	A magical plant whose roots look like a human. They are valued for their healing properties in potions	 but the screams they let out when pulled from the ground will kill anyone who hears them.	AAAAAA==
911741	Pixie	Friendly fairies of the forest that tend to hide from humans. They like to play tricks on lazy people. It is said they are the souls of dead	 unbaptized children.	AAAAAA==
911742	Agathion	A general term for familiars used by Judeo-Christian magicians	 they are usually sealed away in bottles	 rings	 or talismans. They torment the target selected by the conjuror.	AAAAAA==
911743	Agathion	A general term for familiars used by Judeo-Christian magicians	 they are usually sealed away in bottles	 rings	 or talismans. They torment the target selected by the conjuror.	AAAAAA==
911744	Agathion	A general term for familiars used by Judeo-Christian magicians	 they are usually sealed away in bottles	 rings	 or talismans. They torment the target selected by the conjuror.	AAAAAA==
911751	Silky	A fairy of England and Scotland. She carries out household chores while everyone sleeps and is a welcome spirit. It is said you can hear her silk skirt rustle as she works.	AAAAAA==
911752	Silky	A fairy of England and Scotland. She carries out household chores while everyone sleeps and is a welcome spirit. It is said you can hear her silk skirt rustle as she works.	AAAAAA==
911753	Incubus	A male demon of European lore in medieval times. They visit sleeping women and have sexual intercourse with them. The resulting children become witches or wizards.	AAAAAA==
911761	Bicorn	An evil creature with two curving horns from European folklore. It represents impurity	 unlike the Unicorn. Said to be derived from Re'em in the Bible. Another legend says that it feeds off of loyal husbands.	AAAAAA==
911762	Kelpie	A horse-like fairy of Celtic folklore that lives by the water. It drowns those who ride on it	 but is a valuable mount if you can tame it.	AAAAAA==
911763	Kelpie	A horse-like fairy of Celtic folklore that lives by the water. It drowns those who ride on it	 but is a valuable mount if you can tame it.	AAAAAA==
911771	Berith	One of the 72 demons of the Goetia. Known as the Duke of Hell	 he rides a gigantic horse and burns those without manners.	AAAAAA==
911772	Silky	A fairy of England and Scotland. She carries out household chores while everyone sleeps and is a welcome spirit. It is said you can hear her silk skirt rustle as she works.	AAAAAA==
911781	Silky	A fairy of England and Scotland. She carries out household chores while everyone sleeps and is a welcome spirit. It is said you can hear her silk skirt rustle as she works.	AAAAAA==
911782	Silky	A fairy of England and Scotland. She carries out household chores while everyone sleeps and is a welcome spirit. It is said you can hear her silk skirt rustle as she works.	AAAAAA==
911783	Incubus	A male demon of European lore in medieval times. They visit sleeping women and have sexual intercourse with them. The resulting children become witches or wizards.	AAAAAA==
911791	Bicorn	An evil creature with two curving horns from European folklore. It represents impurity	 unlike the Unicorn. Said to be derived from Re'em in the Bible. Another legend says that it feeds off of loyal husbands.	AAAAAA==
911792	Bicorn	An evil creature with two curving horns from European folklore. It represents impurity	 unlike the Unicorn. Said to be derived from Re'em in the Bible. Another legend says that it feeds off of loyal husbands.	AAAAAA==
911801	Berith	One of the 72 demons of the Goetia. Known as the Duke of Hell	 he rides a gigantic horse and burns those without manners.	AAAAAA==
911802	Succubus	A female demon of European lore in medieval times. They visit sleeping men and have sexual intercourse with them. The victims don't wake up but may dream of the encounter.	AAAAAA==
911811	Mandrake	A magical plant whose roots look like a human. They are valued for their healing properties in potions	 but the screams they let out when pulled from the ground will kill anyone who hears them.	AAAAAA==
911812	Mandrake	A magical plant whose roots look like a human. They are valued for their healing properties in potions	 but the screams they let out when pulled from the ground will kill anyone who hears them.	AAAAAA==
911821	Andras	One of the 72 demons of the Goetia. The great Marquis of Hell	 he appears where there is battle to stoke the hatred within soldiers. He helps defeat the enemies of those who summon him.	AAAAAA==
911822	Andras	One of the 72 demons of the Goetia. The great Marquis of Hell	 he appears where there is battle to stoke the hatred within soldiers. He helps defeat the enemies of those who summon him.	AAAAAA==
911831	Berith	One of the 72 demons of the Goetia. Known as the Duke of Hell	 he rides a gigantic horse and burns those without manners.	AAAAAA==
911832	Berith	One of the 72 demons of the Goetia. Known as the Duke of Hell	 he rides a gigantic horse and burns those without manners.	AAAAAA==
911833	Pixie	Friendly fairies of the forest that tend to hide from humans. They like to play tricks on lazy people. It is said they are the souls of dead	 unbaptized children.	AAAAAA==
911834	Pixie	Friendly fairies of the forest that tend to hide from humans. They like to play tricks on lazy people. It is said they are the souls of dead	 unbaptized children.	AAAAAA==
911841	Silky	A fairy of England and Scotland. She carries out household chores while everyone sleeps and is a welcome spirit. It is said you can hear her silk skirt rustle as she works.	AAAAAA==
911842	Jack-o'-Lantern	A drunkard who tricked the Devil out of taking him to Hell. When refused entry to Heaven	 he was forced to wander the earth with only an ember as a light.	AAAAAA==
911843	Jack-o'-Lantern	A drunkard who tricked the Devil out of taking him to Hell. When refused entry to Heaven	 he was forced to wander the earth with only an ember as a light.	AAAAAA==
911851	Berith	One of the 72 demons of the Goetia. Known as the Duke of Hell	 he rides a gigantic horse and burns those without manners.	AAAAAA==
911852	Berith	One of the 72 demons of the Goetia. Known as the Duke of Hell	 he rides a gigantic horse and burns those without manners.	AAAAAA==
911861	Berith	One of the 72 demons of the Goetia. Known as the Duke of Hell	 he rides a gigantic horse and burns those without manners.	AAAAAA==
911862	Succubus	A female demon of European lore in medieval times. They visit sleeping men and have sexual intercourse with them. The victims don't wake up but may dream of the encounter.	AAAAAA==
911871	Andras	One of the 72 demons of the Goetia. The great Marquis of Hell	 he appears where there is battle to stoke the hatred within soldiers. He helps defeat the enemies of those who summon him.	AAAAAA==
911872	Andras	One of the 72 demons of the Goetia. The great Marquis of Hell	 he appears where there is battle to stoke the hatred within soldiers. He helps defeat the enemies of those who summon him.	AAAAAA==
911881	Silky	A fairy of England and Scotland. She carries out household chores while everyone sleeps and is a welcome spirit. It is said you can hear her silk skirt rustle as she works.	AAAAAA==
911882	Silky	A fairy of England and Scotland. She carries out household chores while everyone sleeps and is a welcome spirit. It is said you can hear her silk skirt rustle as she works.	AAAAAA==
911883	Incubus	A male demon of European lore in medieval times. They visit sleeping women and have sexual intercourse with them. The resulting children become witches or wizards.	AAAAAA==
911891	Berith	One of the 72 demons of the Goetia. Known as the Duke of Hell	 he rides a gigantic horse and burns those without manners.	AAAAAA==
911892	Berith	One of the 72 demons of the Goetia. Known as the Duke of Hell	 he rides a gigantic horse and burns those without manners.	AAAAAA==
911893	Pixie	Friendly fairies of the forest that tend to hide from humans. They like to play tricks on lazy people. It is said they are the souls of dead	 unbaptized children.	AAAAAA==
911894	Pixie	Friendly fairies of the forest that tend to hide from humans. They like to play tricks on lazy people. It is said they are the souls of dead	 unbaptized children.	AAAAAA==
911901	Berith	One of the 72 demons of the Goetia. Known as the Duke of Hell	 he rides a gigantic horse and burns those without manners.	AAAAAA==
911902	Succubus	A female demon of European lore in medieval times. They visit sleeping men and have sexual intercourse with them. The victims don't wake up but may dream of the encounter.	AAAAAA==
911911	Archangel	Eighth of the nine orders of angels. Their duty is to minister to humans and deliver messages. They are warriors of Heaven and lead Heaven's forces during battle with the armies of evil.	AAAAAA==
911921	Andras	One of the 72 demons of the Goetia. The great Marquis of Hell	 he appears where there is battle to stoke the hatred within soldiers. He helps defeat the enemies of those who summon him.	AAAAAA==
911922	Andras	One of the 72 demons of the Goetia. The great Marquis of Hell	 he appears where there is battle to stoke the hatred within soldiers. He helps defeat the enemies of those who summon him.	AAAAAA==
911931	Andras	One of the 72 demons of the Goetia. The great Marquis of Hell	 he appears where there is battle to stoke the hatred within soldiers. He helps defeat the enemies of those who summon him.	AAAAAA==
911932	Andras	One of the 72 demons of the Goetia. The great Marquis of Hell	 he appears where there is battle to stoke the hatred within soldiers. He helps defeat the enemies of those who summon him.	AAAAAA==
911941	Archangel	Eighth of the nine orders of angels. Their duty is to minister to humans and deliver messages. They are warriors of Heaven and lead Heaven's forces during battle with the armies of evil.	AAAAAA==
911942	Pixie	Friendly fairies of the forest that tend to hide from humans. They like to play tricks on lazy people. It is said they are the souls of dead	 unbaptized children.	AAAAAA==
911943	Pixie	Friendly fairies of the forest that tend to hide from humans. They like to play tricks on lazy people. It is said they are the souls of dead	 unbaptized children.	AAAAAA==
911951	Berith	One of the 72 demons of the Goetia. Known as the Duke of Hell	 he rides a gigantic horse and burns those without manners.	AAAAAA==
911952	Succubus	A female demon of European lore in medieval times. They visit sleeping men and have sexual intercourse with them. The victims don't wake up but may dream of the encounter.	AAAAAA==
911961	Andras	One of the 72 demons of the Goetia. The great Marquis of Hell	 he appears where there is battle to stoke the hatred within soldiers. He helps defeat the enemies of those who summon him.	AAAAAA==
911962	Andras	One of the 72 demons of the Goetia. The great Marquis of Hell	 he appears where there is battle to stoke the hatred within soldiers. He helps defeat the enemies of those who summon him.	AAAAAA==
911971	Archangel	Eighth of the nine orders of angels. Their duty is to minister to humans and deliver messages. They are warriors of Heaven and lead Heaven's forces during battle with the armies of evil.	AAAAAA==
911972	Pixie	Friendly fairies of the forest that tend to hide from humans. They like to play tricks on lazy people. It is said they are the souls of dead	 unbaptized children.	AAAAAA==
911973	Pixie	Friendly fairies of the forest that tend to hide from humans. They like to play tricks on lazy people. It is said they are the souls of dead	 unbaptized children.	AAAAAA==
911981	Eligor	One of the 72 demons of the Goetia. He looks like a knight and has the power to see things to come. He also knows much about war.	AAAAAA==
912501	Sinner of Vanity's Left Eye	-	AAAAAA==
912502	Dvesha's Right Eye	-	AAAAAA==
912503	Sinner of Vanity's Nose	-	AAAAAA==
912504	Sinner of Vanity's Mouth	-	AAAAAA==
912911	Sinner of Vanity's Left Eye	-	AAAAAA==
912912	Dvesha's Right Eye	-	AAAAAA==
912913	Sinner of Vanity's Nose	-	AAAAAA==
912914	Dvesha's Mouth	-	AAAAAA==
912921	Dvesha's Left Eye	-	AAAAAA==
912922	Dvesha's Right Eye	-	AAAAAA==
912923	Dvesha's Nose	-	AAAAAA==
912924	Dvesha's Mouth	-	AAAAAA==
912931	Dvesha's Left Eye	-	AAAAAA==
912932	Dvesha's Right Eye	-	AAAAAA==
912933	Dvesha's Nose	-	AAAAAA==
912934	Dvesha's Mouth	-	AAAAAA==
912941	Dvesha's Left Eye	-	AAAAAA==
912942	Dvesha's Right Eye	-	AAAAAA==
912943	Dvesha's Nose	-	AAAAAA==
912944	Dvesha's Mouth	-	AAAAAA==
912951	Dvesha's Left Eye	-	AAAAAA==
912952	Dvesha's Right Eye	-	AAAAAA==
912953	Dvesha's Nose	-	AAAAAA==
912954	Dvesha's Mouth	-	AAAAAA==
912961	Dvesha's Left Eye	-	AAAAAA==
912962	Dvesha's Right Eye	-	AAAAAA==
912963	Dvesha's Nose	-	AAAAAA==
912964	Dvesha's Mouth	-	AAAAAA==
912011	Security Captain	-	AAAAAA==
912021	Inugami	A dog spirit said to possess people in Japanese lore. Those possessed are in a state of "inu-tsuki" and lose consciousness. Onmyoji use Inugami as familiars.	AAAAAA==
912022	Onmoraki	A monstrous	 fire spitting	 Japanese bird with a man's face. It is actually a corpse that was not given a proper memorial service. They appear before monks who neglect their duties.	AAAAAA==
912023	Onmoraki	A monstrous	 fire spitting	 Japanese bird with a man's face. It is actually a corpse that was not given a proper memorial service. They appear before monks who neglect their duties.	AAAAAA==
912031	Kurama Tengu	A type of tengu said to have lived on Mt. Kurama in Kyoto. The most powerful and well-known of the tengu	 they have the power to fend off disease and bring good fortune.	AAAAAA==
912041	Koppa Tengu	A type of tengu. Their spiritual power is weaker than other tengu	 so they are much smaller. They are said to be the reincarnations of long-lived wolves.	AAAAAA==
912042	Koppa Tengu	A type of tengu. Their spiritual power is weaker than other tengu	 so they are much smaller. They are said to be the reincarnations of long-lived wolves.	AAAAAA==
912051	Makami	A divine wolf god in Japanese folklore	 also written as "Oguchi-no-Magami." It is often drawn on prayer boards to prevent fires and thefts	 but it is also feared as a human-eater.	AAAAAA==
912052	Makami	A divine wolf god in Japanese folklore	 also written as "Oguchi-no-Magami." It is often drawn on prayer boards to prevent fires and thefts	 but it is also feared as a human-eater.	AAAAAA==
912053	Makami	A divine wolf god in Japanese folklore	 also written as "Oguchi-no-Magami." It is often drawn on prayer boards to prevent fires and thefts	 but it is also feared as a human-eater.	AAAAAA==
912081	Koppa Tengu	A type of tengu. Their spiritual power is weaker than other tengu	 so they are much smaller. They are said to be the reincarnations of long-lived wolves.	AAAAAA==
912082	Kurama Tengu	A type of tengu said to have lived on Mt. Kurama in Kyoto. The most powerful and well-known of the tengu	 they have the power to fend off disease and bring good fortune.	AAAAAA==
912091	Arahabaki	A mysterious god of ancient Japan. Most famously worshipped by Nagasunehiko	 who was defeated in battle against Emperor Jinmu	 Arahabaki came to be treated as a symbol of rebellion and defiance.	AAAAAA==
912161	Apsaras	Hindu water spirits	 they are beautiful young women who dance for the gods. They also guide heroes fallen in battle to paradise.	AAAAAA==
912162	Koropokguru	Small human-like creatures that have kind	 calm personalities. Once coexisting with the Ainu people of Japan	 there was a falling out at some point	 and they disappeared.	AAAAAA==
912171	Hua Po	A spirit of Chinese folklore who dwells in trees once used for hangings. She is smaller than a human and cannot speak	 but her voice is said to be as clear and as beautiful as a bird's song.	AAAAAA==
912172	Hua Po	A spirit of Chinese folklore who dwells in trees once used for hangings. She is smaller than a human and cannot speak	 but her voice is said to be as clear and as beautiful as a bird's song.	AAAAAA==
912173	Mokoi	Evil spirits of Murngin lore believed to be reborn shadows. They kidnap and eat children	 and strike down any sorcerer who uses black magic.	AAAAAA==
912181	Mokoi	Evil spirits of Murngin lore believed to be reborn shadows. They kidnap and eat children	 and strike down any sorcerer who uses black magic.	AAAAAA==
912182	Mokoi	Evil spirits of Murngin lore believed to be reborn shadows. They kidnap and eat children	 and strike down any sorcerer who uses black magic.	AAAAAA==
912191	Apsaras	Hindu water spirits	 they are beautiful young women who dance for the gods. They also guide heroes fallen in battle to paradise.	AAAAAA==
912192	Apsaras	Hindu water spirits	 they are beautiful young women who dance for the gods. They also guide heroes fallen in battle to paradise.	AAAAAA==
912201	Mokoi	Evil spirits of Murngin lore believed to be reborn shadows. They kidnap and eat children	 and strike down any sorcerer who uses black magic.	AAAAAA==
912202	Mokoi	Evil spirits of Murngin lore believed to be reborn shadows. They kidnap and eat children	 and strike down any sorcerer who uses black magic.	AAAAAA==
912311	Inugami	A dog spirit said to possess people in Japanese lore. Those possessed are in a state of "inu-tsuki" and lose consciousness. Onmyoji use Inugami as familiars.	AAAAAA==
912312	Inugami	A dog spirit said to possess people in Japanese lore. Those possessed are in a state of "inu-tsuki" and lose consciousness. Onmyoji use Inugami as familiars.	AAAAAA==
912313	Jack Frost	A winter fairy of European descent. He leaves ice patterns on windows and nips people's noses. Though normally an innocent creature	 he will freeze his victims to death if provoked.	AAAAAA==
912321	Hua Po	A spirit of Chinese folklore who dwells in trees once used for hangings. She is smaller than a human and cannot speak	 but her voice is said to be as clear and as beautiful as a bird's song.	AAAAAA==
912322	Hua Po	A spirit of Chinese folklore who dwells in trees once used for hangings. She is smaller than a human and cannot speak	 but her voice is said to be as clear and as beautiful as a bird's song.	AAAAAA==
912323	Hua Po	A spirit of Chinese folklore who dwells in trees once used for hangings. She is smaller than a human and cannot speak	 but her voice is said to be as clear and as beautiful as a bird's song.	AAAAAA==
912401	Apsaras	Hindu water spirits	 they are beautiful young women who dance for the gods. They also guide heroes fallen in battle to paradise.	AAAAAA==
912402	Apsaras	Hindu water spirits	 they are beautiful young women who dance for the gods. They also guide heroes fallen in battle to paradise.	AAAAAA==
912331	Apsaras	Hindu water spirits	 they are beautiful young women who dance for the gods. They also guide heroes fallen in battle to paradise.	AAAAAA==
912332	Koropokguru	Small human-like creatures that have kind	 calm personalities. Once coexisting with the Ainu people of Japan	 there was a falling out at some point	 and they disappeared.	AAAAAA==
912411	Inugami	A dog spirit said to possess people in Japanese lore. Those possessed are in a state of "inu-tsuki" and lose consciousness. Onmyoji use Inugami as familiars.	AAAAAA==
912341	Jack Frost	A winter fairy of European descent. He leaves ice patterns on windows and nips people's noses. Though normally an innocent creature	 he will freeze his victims to death if provoked.	AAAAAA==
912342	Jack Frost	A winter fairy of European descent. He leaves ice patterns on windows and nips people's noses. Though normally an innocent creature	 he will freeze his victims to death if provoked.	AAAAAA==
912343	Jack Frost	A winter fairy of European descent. He leaves ice patterns on windows and nips people's noses. Though normally an innocent creature	 he will freeze his victims to death if provoked.	AAAAAA==
912421	Koppa Tengu	A type of tengu. Their spiritual power is weaker than other tengu	 so they are much smaller. They are said to be the reincarnations of long-lived wolves.	AAAAAA==
912351	Inugami	A dog spirit said to possess people in Japanese lore. Those possessed are in a state of "inu-tsuki" and lose consciousness. Onmyoji use Inugami as familiars.	AAAAAA==
912352	Onmoraki	A monstrous	 fire spitting	 Japanese bird with a man's face. It is actually a corpse that was not given a proper memorial service. They appear before monks who neglect their duties.	AAAAAA==
912353	Onmoraki	A monstrous	 fire spitting	 Japanese bird with a man's face. It is actually a corpse that was not given a proper memorial service. They appear before monks who neglect their duties.	AAAAAA==
912361	Kurama Tengu	A type of tengu said to have lived on Mt. Kurama in Kyoto. The most powerful and well-known of the tengu	 they have the power to fend off disease and bring good fortune.	AAAAAA==
912371	Koppa Tengu	A type of tengu. Their spiritual power is weaker than other tengu	 so they are much smaller. They are said to be the reincarnations of long-lived wolves.	AAAAAA==
912372	Koppa Tengu	A type of tengu. Their spiritual power is weaker than other tengu	 so they are much smaller. They are said to be the reincarnations of long-lived wolves.	AAAAAA==
912381	Koppa Tengu	A type of tengu. Their spiritual power is weaker than other tengu	 so they are much smaller. They are said to be the reincarnations of long-lived wolves.	AAAAAA==
912382	Kurama Tengu	A type of tengu said to have lived on Mt. Kurama in Kyoto. The most powerful and well-known of the tengu	 they have the power to fend off disease and bring good fortune.	AAAAAA==
912391	Arahabaki	A mysterious god of ancient Japan. Most famously worshipped by Nagasunehiko	 who was defeated in battle against Emperor Jinmu	 Arahabaki came to be treated as a symbol of rebellion and defiance.	AAAAAA==
912511	Onmoraki	A monstrous	 fire spitting	 Japanese bird with a man's face. It is actually a corpse that was not given a proper memorial service. They appear before monks who neglect their duties.	AAAAAA==
912512	Onmoraki	A monstrous	 fire spitting	 Japanese bird with a man's face. It is actually a corpse that was not given a proper memorial service. They appear before monks who neglect their duties.	AAAAAA==
912513	Onmoraki	A monstrous	 fire spitting	 Japanese bird with a man's face. It is actually a corpse that was not given a proper memorial service. They appear before monks who neglect their duties.	AAAAAA==
912514	Onmoraki	A monstrous	 fire spitting	 Japanese bird with a man's face. It is actually a corpse that was not given a proper memorial service. They appear before monks who neglect their duties.	AAAAAA==
912515	Onmoraki	A monstrous	 fire spitting	 Japanese bird with a man's face. It is actually a corpse that was not given a proper memorial service. They appear before monks who neglect their duties.	AAAAAA==
912521	Jack Frost	A winter fairy of European descent. He leaves ice patterns on windows and nips people's noses. Though normally an innocent creature	 he will freeze his victims to death if provoked.	AAAAAA==
912522	Jack Frost	A winter fairy of European descent. He leaves ice patterns on windows and nips people's noses. Though normally an innocent creature	 he will freeze his victims to death if provoked.	AAAAAA==
912523	Jack Frost	A winter fairy of European descent. He leaves ice patterns on windows and nips people's noses. Though normally an innocent creature	 he will freeze his victims to death if provoked.	AAAAAA==
912531	Hua Po	A spirit of Chinese folklore who dwells in trees once used for hangings. She is smaller than a human and cannot speak	 but her voice is said to be as clear and as beautiful as a bird's song.	AAAAAA==
912532	Hua Po	A spirit of Chinese folklore who dwells in trees once used for hangings. She is smaller than a human and cannot speak	 but her voice is said to be as clear and as beautiful as a bird's song.	AAAAAA==
912533	Hua Po	A spirit of Chinese folklore who dwells in trees once used for hangings. She is smaller than a human and cannot speak	 but her voice is said to be as clear and as beautiful as a bird's song.	AAAAAA==
912541	Mokoi	Evil spirits of Murngin lore believed to be reborn shadows. They kidnap and eat children	 and strike down any sorcerer who uses black magic.	AAAAAA==
912542	Mokoi	Evil spirits of Murngin lore believed to be reborn shadows. They kidnap and eat children	 and strike down any sorcerer who uses black magic.	AAAAAA==
912551	Apsaras	Hindu water spirits	 they are beautiful young women who dance for the gods. They also guide heroes fallen in battle to paradise.	AAAAAA==
912552	Koropokguru	Small human-like creatures that have kind	 calm personalities. Once coexisting with the Ainu people of Japan	 there was a falling out at some point	 and they disappeared.	AAAAAA==
912561	Hua Po	A spirit of Chinese folklore who dwells in trees once used for hangings. She is smaller than a human and cannot speak	 but her voice is said to be as clear and as beautiful as a bird's song.	AAAAAA==
912571	Apsaras	Hindu water spirits	 they are beautiful young women who dance for the gods. They also guide heroes fallen in battle to paradise.	AAAAAA==
912572	Koropokguru	Small human-like creatures that have kind	 calm personalities. Once coexisting with the Ainu people of Japan	 there was a falling out at some point	 and they disappeared.	AAAAAA==
912581	Jack Frost	A winter fairy of European descent. He leaves ice patterns on windows and nips people's noses. Though normally an innocent creature	 he will freeze his victims to death if provoked.	AAAAAA==
912582	Jack Frost	A winter fairy of European descent. He leaves ice patterns on windows and nips people's noses. Though normally an innocent creature	 he will freeze his victims to death if provoked.	AAAAAA==
912583	Jack Frost	A winter fairy of European descent. He leaves ice patterns on windows and nips people's noses. Though normally an innocent creature	 he will freeze his victims to death if provoked.	AAAAAA==
912591	Mokoi	Evil spirits of Murngin lore believed to be reborn shadows.
They kidnap and eat children	
and strike down any sorcerer who uses black magic.	AAAAAA==
912592	Mokoi	Evil spirits of Murngin lore believed to be reborn shadows. They kidnap and eat children	 and strike down any sorcerer who uses black magic.	AAAAAA==
912601	Hua Po	A spirit of Chinese folklore who dwells in trees once used for hangings. She is smaller than a human and cannot speak	 but her voice is said to be as clear and as beautiful as a bird's song.	AAAAAA==
912611	Apsaras	Hindu water spirits	 they are beautiful young women who dance for the gods. They also guide heroes fallen in battle to paradise.	AAAAAA==
912612	Apsaras	Hindu water spirits	 they are beautiful young women who dance for the gods. They also guide heroes fallen in battle to paradise.	AAAAAA==
912621	Apsaras	Hindu water spirits	 they are beautiful young women who dance for the gods. They also guide heroes fallen in battle to paradise.	AAAAAA==
912622	Koropokguru	Small human-like creatures that have kind	 calm personalities. Once coexisting with the Ainu people of Japan	 there was a falling out at some point	 and they disappeared.	AAAAAA==
912631	Koropokguru	Small human-like creatures that have kind	 calm personalities. Once coexisting with the Ainu people of Japan	 there was a falling out at some point	 and they disappeared.	AAAAAA==
912632	Koropokguru	Small human-like creatures that have kind	 calm personalities. Once coexisting with the Ainu people of Japan	 there was a falling out at some point	 and they disappeared.	AAAAAA==
912641	Hua Po	A spirit of Chinese folklore who dwells in trees once used for hangings. She is smaller than a human and cannot speak	 but her voice is said to be as clear and as beautiful as a bird's song.	AAAAAA==
912642	Hua Po	A spirit of Chinese folklore who dwells in trees once used for hangings. She is smaller than a human and cannot speak	 but her voice is said to be as clear and as beautiful as a bird's song.	AAAAAA==
912643	Hua Po	A spirit of Chinese folklore who dwells in trees once used for hangings. She is smaller than a human and cannot speak	 but her voice is said to be as clear and as beautiful as a bird's song.	AAAAAA==
912651	Jack Frost	A winter fairy of European descent. He leaves ice patterns on windows and nips people's noses. Though normally an innocent creature	 he will freeze his victims to death if provoked.	AAAAAA==
912652	Jack Frost	A winter fairy of European descent. He leaves ice patterns on windows and nips people's noses. Though normally an innocent creature	 he will freeze his victims to death if provoked.	AAAAAA==
912653	Jack Frost	A winter fairy of European descent. He leaves ice patterns on windows and nips people's noses. Though normally an innocent creature	 he will freeze his victims to death if provoked.	AAAAAA==
912661	Mokoi	Evil spirits of Murngin lore believed to be reborn shadows. They kidnap and eat children	 and strike down any sorcerer who uses black magic.	AAAAAA==
912662	Mokoi	Evil spirits of Murngin lore believed to be reborn shadows. They kidnap and eat children	 and strike down any sorcerer who uses black magic.	AAAAAA==
912671	Apsaras	Hindu water spirits	 they are beautiful young women who dance for the gods. They also guide heroes fallen in battle to paradise.	AAAAAA==
912672	Apsaras	Hindu water spirits	 they are beautiful young women who dance for the gods. They also guide heroes fallen in battle to paradise.	AAAAAA==
912681	Apsaras	Hindu water spirits	 they are beautiful young women who dance for the gods. They also guide heroes fallen in battle to paradise.	AAAAAA==
912682	Hua Po	A spirit of Chinese folklore who dwells in trees once used for hangings. She is smaller than a human and cannot speak	 but her voice is said to be as clear and as beautiful as a bird's song.	AAAAAA==
912683	Hua Po	A spirit of Chinese folklore who dwells in trees once used for hangings. She is smaller than a human and cannot speak	 but her voice is said to be as clear and as beautiful as a bird's song.	AAAAAA==
912691	Jack Frost	A winter fairy of European descent. He leaves ice patterns on windows and nips people's noses. Though normally an innocent creature	 he will freeze his victims to death if provoked.	AAAAAA==
912692	Jack Frost	A winter fairy of European descent. He leaves ice patterns on windows and nips people's noses. Though normally an innocent creature	 he will freeze his victims to death if provoked.	AAAAAA==
912693	Jack Frost	A winter fairy of European descent. He leaves ice patterns on windows and nips people's noses. Though normally an innocent creature	 he will freeze his victims to death if provoked.	AAAAAA==
912701	Apsaras	Hindu water spirits	 they are beautiful young women who dance for the gods. They also guide heroes fallen in battle to paradise.	AAAAAA==
912702	Koropokguru	Small human-like creatures that have kind	 calm personalities. Once coexisting with the Ainu people of Japan	 there was a falling out at some point	 and they disappeared.	AAAAAA==
912711	Jack Frost	A winter fairy of European descent. He leaves ice patterns on windows and nips people's noses. Though normally an innocent creature	 he will freeze his victims to death if provoked.	AAAAAA==
912712	Jack Frost	A winter fairy of European descent. He leaves ice patterns on windows and nips people's noses. Though normally an innocent creature	 he will freeze his victims to death if provoked.	AAAAAA==
912713	Jack Frost	A winter fairy of European descent. He leaves ice patterns on windows and nips people's noses. Though normally an innocent creature	 he will freeze his victims to death if provoked.	AAAAAA==
912721	Mokoi	Evil spirits of Murngin lore believed to be reborn shadows. They kidnap and eat children	 and strike down any sorcerer who uses black magic.	AAAAAA==
912722	Mokoi	Evil spirits of Murngin lore believed to be reborn shadows. They kidnap and eat children	 and strike down any sorcerer who uses black magic.	AAAAAA==
912731	Hua Po	A spirit of Chinese folklore who dwells in trees once used for hangings. She is smaller than a human and cannot speak	 but her voice is said to be as clear and as beautiful as a bird's song.	AAAAAA==
912732	Hua Po	A spirit of Chinese folklore who dwells in trees once used for hangings. She is smaller than a human and cannot speak	 but her voice is said to be as clear and as beautiful as a bird's song.	AAAAAA==
912733	Hua Po	A spirit of Chinese folklore who dwells in trees once used for hangings. She is smaller than a human and cannot speak	 but her voice is said to be as clear and as beautiful as a bird's song.	AAAAAA==
912741	Mokoi	Evil spirits of Murngin lore believed to be reborn shadows. They kidnap and eat children	 and strike down any sorcerer who uses black magic.	AAAAAA==
912742	Mokoi	Evil spirits of Murngin lore believed to be reborn shadows. They kidnap and eat children	 and strike down any sorcerer who uses black magic.	AAAAAA==
912751	Jack Frost	A winter fairy of European descent. He leaves ice patterns on windows and nips people's noses. Though normally an innocent creature	 he will freeze his victims to death if provoked.	AAAAAA==
912752	Jack Frost	A winter fairy of European descent. He leaves ice patterns on windows and nips people's noses. Though normally an innocent creature	 he will freeze his victims to death if provoked.	AAAAAA==
912753	Jack Frost	A winter fairy of European descent. He leaves ice patterns on windows and nips people's noses. Though normally an innocent creature	 he will freeze his victims to death if provoked.	AAAAAA==
912761	Hua Po	A spirit of Chinese folklore who dwells in trees once used for hangings. She is smaller than a human and cannot speak	 but her voice is said to be as clear and as beautiful as a bird's song.	AAAAAA==
912762	Hua Po	A spirit of Chinese folklore who dwells in trees once used for hangings. She is smaller than a human and cannot speak	 but her voice is said to be as clear and as beautiful as a bird's song.	AAAAAA==
912763	Hua Po	A spirit of Chinese folklore who dwells in trees once used for hangings. She is smaller than a human and cannot speak	 but her voice is said to be as clear and as beautiful as a bird's song.	AAAAAA==
912771	Koropokguru	Small human-like creatures that have kind	 calm personalities. Once coexisting with the Ainu people of Japan	 there was a falling out at some point	 and they disappeared.	AAAAAA==
912772	Koropokguru	Small human-like creatures that have kind	 calm personalities. Once coexisting with the Ainu people of Japan	 there was a falling out at some point	 and they disappeared.	AAAAAA==
912781	Mokoi	Evil spirits of Murngin lore believed to be reborn shadows. They kidnap and eat children	 and strike down any sorcerer who uses black magic.	AAAAAA==
912782	Mokoi	Evil spirits of Murngin lore believed to be reborn shadows. They kidnap and eat children	 and strike down any sorcerer who uses black magic.	AAAAAA==
912791	Hua Po	A spirit of Chinese folklore who dwells in trees once used for hangings. She is smaller than a human and cannot speak	 but her voice is said to be as clear and as beautiful as a bird's song.	AAAAAA==
912801	Mokoi	Evil spirits of Murngin lore believed to be reborn shadows. They kidnap and eat children	 and strike down any sorcerer who uses black magic.	AAAAAA==
912802	Mokoi	Evil spirits of Murngin lore believed to be reborn shadows. They kidnap and eat children	 and strike down any sorcerer who uses black magic.	AAAAAA==
912881	Onmoraki	A monstrous	 fire spitting	 Japanese bird with a man's face. It is actually a corpse that was not given a proper memorial service. They appear before monks who neglect their duties.	AAAAAA==
912882	Onmoraki	A monstrous	 fire spitting	 Japanese bird with a man's face. It is actually a corpse that was not given a proper memorial service. They appear before monks who neglect their duties.	AAAAAA==
912883	Onmoraki	A monstrous	 fire spitting	 Japanese bird with a man's face. It is actually a corpse that was not given a proper memorial service. They appear before monks who neglect their duties.	AAAAAA==
912884	Onmoraki	A monstrous	 fire spitting	 Japanese bird with a man's face. It is actually a corpse that was not given a proper memorial service. They appear before monks who neglect their duties.	AAAAAA==
912885	Onmoraki	A monstrous	 fire spitting	 Japanese bird with a man's face. It is actually a corpse that was not given a proper memorial service. They appear before monks who neglect their duties.	AAAAAA==
912811	Koropokguru	Small human-like creatures that have kind	 calm personalities. Once coexisting with the Ainu people of Japan	 there was a falling out at some point	 and they disappeared.	AAAAAA==
912812	Koropokguru	Small human-like creatures that have kind	 calm personalities. Once coexisting with the Ainu people of Japan	 there was a falling out at some point	 and they disappeared.	AAAAAA==
912821	Hua Po	A spirit of Chinese folklore who dwells in trees once used for hangings. She is smaller than a human and cannot speak	 but her voice is said to be as clear and as beautiful as a bird's song.	AAAAAA==
912831	Apsaras	Hindu water spirits	 they are beautiful young women who dance for the gods. They also guide heroes fallen in battle to paradise.	AAAAAA==
912832	Hua Po	A spirit of Chinese folklore who dwells in trees once used for hangings. She is smaller than a human and cannot speak	 but her voice is said to be as clear and as beautiful as a bird's song.	AAAAAA==
912833	Hua Po	A spirit of Chinese folklore who dwells in trees once used for hangings. She is smaller than a human and cannot speak	 but her voice is said to be as clear and as beautiful as a bird's song.	AAAAAA==
912841	Hua Po	A spirit of Chinese folklore who dwells in trees once used for hangings. She is smaller than a human and cannot speak	 but her voice is said to be as clear and as beautiful as a bird's song.	AAAAAA==
912842	Hua Po	A spirit of Chinese folklore who dwells in trees once used for hangings. She is smaller than a human and cannot speak	 but her voice is said to be as clear and as beautiful as a bird's song.	AAAAAA==
912843	Hua Po	A spirit of Chinese folklore who dwells in trees once used for hangings. She is smaller than a human and cannot speak	 but her voice is said to be as clear and as beautiful as a bird's song.	AAAAAA==
912851	Koropokguru	Small human-like creatures that have kind	 calm personalities. Once coexisting with the Ainu people of Japan	 there was a falling out at some point	 and they disappeared.	AAAAAA==
912852	Koropokguru	Small human-like creatures that have kind	 calm personalities. Once coexisting with the Ainu people of Japan	 there was a falling out at some point	 and they disappeared.	AAAAAA==
912861	Onmoraki	A monstrous	 fire spitting	 Japanese bird with a man's face. It is actually a corpse that was not given a proper memorial service. They appear before monks who neglect their duties.	AAAAAA==
912862	Onmoraki	A monstrous	 fire spitting	 Japanese bird with a man's face. It is actually a corpse that was not given a proper memorial service. They appear before monks who neglect their duties.	AAAAAA==
912863	Onmoraki	A monstrous	 fire spitting	 Japanese bird with a man's face. It is actually a corpse that was not given a proper memorial service. They appear before monks who neglect their duties.	AAAAAA==
912864	Onmoraki	A monstrous	 fire spitting	 Japanese bird with a man's face. It is actually a corpse that was not given a proper memorial service. They appear before monks who neglect their duties.	AAAAAA==
912865	Onmoraki	A monstrous	 fire spitting	 Japanese bird with a man's face. It is actually a corpse that was not given a proper memorial service. They appear before monks who neglect their duties.	AAAAAA==
912871	Hua Po	A spirit of Chinese folklore who dwells in trees once used for hangings. She is smaller than a human and cannot speak	 but her voice is said to be as clear and as beautiful as a bird's song.	AAAAAA==
912872	Hua Po	A spirit of Chinese folklore who dwells in trees once used for hangings. She is smaller than a human and cannot speak	 but her voice is said to be as clear and as beautiful as a bird's song.	AAAAAA==
912873	Mokoi	Evil spirits of Murngin lore believed to be reborn shadows. They kidnap and eat children	 and strike down any sorcerer who uses black magic.	AAAAAA==
913011	Orthrus	The two-headed pet dog belonging to the giant Geryon of Greek myth. He guarded a herd of red oxen but was killed by Hercules during one of his twelve labors.	AAAAAA==
913021	Take-Minakata	A Japanese god of war	 hunting and fertility. He fought Take-Mikazuchi for control of Japan and lost. He escaped to Suwa	 but has been prohibited to leave since then.	AAAAAA==
913022	Orobas	One of the 72 demons of the Goetia. Known as the Prince of Hell	 he appears as a horse and answers questions of the past	 present	 and future. He is faithful to his conjurer.	AAAAAA==
913023	Orobas	One of the 72 demons of the Goetia. Known as the Prince of Hell	 he appears as a horse and answers questions of the past	 present	 and future. He is faithful to his conjurer.	AAAAAA==
913031	Fuu-Ki	One of the four oni controlled by Fujiwara no Chikata	 it sends hurricanes to blow away its enemies. Some say that Fuu-ki is the original ninja.	AAAAAA==
913032	Oni	An evil monster from Japanese lore known for its hideous visage and brute strength. They loot and plunder villages	 massacring the townspeople with their iron clubs. They have horns on their heads	 red skin	 long claws	 and razor-sharp teeth.	AAAAAA==
913033	Oni	An evil monster from Japanese lore known for its hideous visage and brute strength. They loot and plunder villages	 massacring the townspeople with their iron clubs. They have horns on their heads	 red skin	 long claws	 and razor-sharp teeth.	AAAAAA==
913041	Take-Minakata	A Japanese god of war	 hunting and fertility. He fought Take-Mikazuchi for control of Japan and lost. He escaped to Suwa	 but has been prohibited to leave since then.	AAAAAA==
913042	Leanan Sidhe	A beautiful fairy of Irish lore that yearns for the love of a human man. She drains the life of her lovers in return for granting them artistic inspiration.	AAAAAA==
913043	Leanan Sidhe	A beautiful fairy of Irish lore that yearns for the love of a human man. She drains the life of her lovers in return for granting them artistic inspiration.	AAAAAA==
913051	Sui-Ki	One of the four oni controlled by Fujiwara no Chikata	 it can cause floods with the swing of its arms. In the Taiheiki	 Ki no Tomoo expelled the oni by reading a Japanese poem.	AAAAAA==
913052	Oni	An evil monster from Japanese lore known for its hideous visage and brute strength. They loot and plunder villages	 massacring the townspeople with their iron clubs. They have horns on their heads	 red skin	 long claws	 and razor-sharp teeth.	AAAAAA==
913053	Oni	An evil monster from Japanese lore known for its hideous visage and brute strength. They loot and plunder villages	 massacring the townspeople with their iron clubs. They have horns on their heads	 red skin	 long claws	 and razor-sharp teeth.	AAAAAA==
913061	Kin-Ki	One of the four oni controlled by Fujiwara no Chikata	 its body is so hard that no weapons can penetrate it. It and its comrades fell into hell through holes that can still be found in modern Iga.	AAAAAA==
913062	Oni	An evil monster from Japanese lore known for its hideous visage and brute strength. They loot and plunder villages	 massacring the townspeople with their iron clubs. They have horns on their heads	 red skin	 long claws	 and razor-sharp teeth.	AAAAAA==
913063	Oni	An evil monster from Japanese lore known for its hideous visage and brute strength. They loot and plunder villages	 massacring the townspeople with their iron clubs. They have horns on their heads	 red skin	 long claws	 and razor-sharp teeth.	AAAAAA==
913071	Kin-Ki	One of the four oni controlled by Fujiwara no Chikata	 its body is so hard that no weapons can penetrate it. It and its comrades fell into hell through holes that can still be found in modern Iga.	AAAAAA==
913072	Sui-Ki	One of the four oni controlled by Fujiwara no Chikata	 it can cause floods with the swing of its arms. In the Taiheiki	 Ki no Tomoo expelled the oni by reading a Japanese poem.	AAAAAA==
913073	Fuu-Ki	One of the four oni controlled by Fujiwara no Chikata	 it sends hurricanes to blow away its enemies. Some say that Fuu-ki is the original ninja.	AAAAAA==
913081	Kumbhanda	A Buddhist demon said to drain human life energy. He has dark skin	 stands three meters tall	 and sometimes changes his shape to a gourd. Known to have once served Rudra	 the god of storms.	AAAAAA==
913082	Black Ooze	A mass of malevolent intent and emotion that failed to become a true demon. All it does is eat	 prey	 and grow.	AAAAAA==
913083	Black Ooze	A mass of malevolent intent and emotion that failed to become a true demon. All it does is eat	 prey	 and grow.	AAAAAA==
913091	Cerberus	The guardian hound who prevents anyone from entering or exiting the underworld in Greek lore. It was born from Typhon and Echidna	 and is the older brother of Orthrus.	AAAAAA==
913211	Black Ooze	A mass of malevolent intent and emotion that failed to become a true demon. All it does is eat	 prey	 and grow.	AAAAAA==
913212	Black Ooze	A mass of malevolent intent and emotion that failed to become a true demon. All it does is eat	 prey	 and grow.	AAAAAA==
913221	Oni	An evil monster from Japanese lore known for its hideous visage and brute strength. They loot and plunder villages	 massacring the townspeople with their iron clubs. They have horns on their heads	 red skin	 long claws	 and razor-sharp teeth.	AAAAAA==
913222	Oni	An evil monster from Japanese lore known for its hideous visage and brute strength. They loot and plunder villages	 massacring the townspeople with their iron clubs. They have horns on their heads	 red skin	 long claws	 and razor-sharp teeth.	AAAAAA==
913231	Orthrus	The two-headed pet dog belonging to the giant Geryon of Greek myth. He guarded a herd of red oxen but was killed by Hercules during one of his twelve labors.	AAAAAA==
913232	Yaksini	A female demon in Hindu lore. Though originally a Dravidian fertility goddess	 the spread of Hinduism changed perception of her to a demonic figure. Usually depicted as a nude	 voluptuous female.	AAAAAA==
913233	Yaksini	A female demon in Hindu lore. Though originally a Dravidian fertility goddess	 the spread of Hinduism changed perception of her to a demonic figure. Usually depicted as a nude	 voluptuous female.	AAAAAA==
913241	Leanan Sidhe	A beautiful fairy of Irish lore that yearns for the love of a human man. She drains the life of her lovers in return for granting them artistic inspiration.	AAAAAA==
913242	Black Ooze	A mass of malevolent intent and emotion that failed to become a true demon. All it does is eat	 prey	 and grow.	AAAAAA==
913243	Black Ooze	A mass of malevolent intent and emotion that failed to become a true demon. All it does is eat	 prey	 and grow.	AAAAAA==
913251	Orthrus	The two-headed pet dog belonging to the giant Geryon of Greek myth. He guarded a herd of red oxen but was killed by Hercules during one of his twelve labors.	AAAAAA==
913252	Orthrus	The two-headed pet dog belonging to the giant Geryon of Greek myth. He guarded a herd of red oxen but was killed by Hercules during one of his twelve labors.	AAAAAA==
913253	Orthrus	The two-headed pet dog belonging to the giant Geryon of Greek myth. He guarded a herd of red oxen but was killed by Hercules during one of his twelve labors.	AAAAAA==
913311	Sui-Ki	One of the four oni controlled by Fujiwara no Chikata	 it can cause floods with the swing of its arms. In the Taiheiki	 Ki no Tomoo expelled the oni by reading a Japanese poem.	AAAAAA==
913321	Fuu-Ki	One of the four oni controlled by Fujiwara no Chikata	 it sends hurricanes to blow away its enemies. Some say that Fuu-ki is the original ninja.	AAAAAA==
913331	Kin-Ki	One of the four oni controlled by Fujiwara no Chikata	 its body is so hard that no weapons can penetrate it. It and its comrades fell into hell through holes that can still be found in modern Iga.	AAAAAA==
913341	Kumbhanda	A Buddhist demon said to drain human life energy. He has dark skin	 stands three meters tall	 and sometimes changes his shape to a gourd. Known to have once served Rudra	 the god of storms.	AAAAAA==
913351	Cerberus	The guardian hound who prevents anyone from entering or exiting the underworld in Greek lore. It was born from Typhon and Echidna	 and is the older brother of Orthrus.	AAAAAA==
913511	Orobas	One of the 72 demons of the Goetia. Known as the Prince of Hell	 he appears as a horse and answers questions of the past	 present	 and future. He is faithful to his conjurer.	AAAAAA==
913512	Orobas	One of the 72 demons of the Goetia. Known as the Prince of Hell	 he appears as a horse and answers questions of the past	 present	 and future. He is faithful to his conjurer.	AAAAAA==
913513	Orobas	One of the 72 demons of the Goetia. Known as the Prince of Hell	 he appears as a horse and answers questions of the past	 present	 and future. He is faithful to his conjurer.	AAAAAA==
913521	Black Ooze	A mass of malevolent intent and emotion that failed to become a true demon. All it does is eat	 prey	 and grow.	AAAAAA==
913522	Nekomata	Long-lived cats are said to become these malevolent cat demons. Their powers vary according to how long they have lived	 ranging from shape-shifting to controlling the dead.	AAAAAA==
913523	Nekomata	Long-lived cats are said to become these malevolent cat demons. Their powers vary according to how long they have lived	 ranging from shape-shifting to controlling the dead.	AAAAAA==
913531	Black Ooze	A mass of malevolent intent and emotion that failed to become a true demon. All it does is eat	 prey	 and grow.	AAAAAA==
913532	High Pixie	The leader of a swarm of pixies. Any pixie in a leadership role or with remarkable power is called by this name.	AAAAAA==
913533	High Pixie	The leader of a swarm of pixies. Any pixie in a leadership role or with remarkable power is called by this name.	AAAAAA==
913541	Orobas	One of the 72 demons of the Goetia. Known as the Prince of Hell	 he appears as a horse and answers questions of the past	 present	 and future. He is faithful to his conjurer.	AAAAAA==
913542	Leanan Sidhe	A beautiful fairy of Irish lore that yearns for the love of a human man. She drains the life of her lovers in return for granting them artistic inspiration.	AAAAAA==
913543	Leanan Sidhe	A beautiful fairy of Irish lore that yearns for the love of a human man. She drains the life of her lovers in return for granting them artistic inspiration.	AAAAAA==
913551	Orobas	One of the 72 demons of the Goetia. Known as the Prince of Hell	 he appears as a horse and answers questions of the past	 present	 and future. He is faithful to his conjurer.	AAAAAA==
913552	Nekomata	Long-lived cats are said to become these malevolent cat demons. Their powers vary according to how long they have lived	 ranging from shape-shifting to controlling the dead.	AAAAAA==
913561	Orthrus	The two-headed pet dog belonging to the giant Geryon of Greek myth. He guarded a herd of red oxen but was killed by Hercules during one of his twelve labors.	AAAAAA==
913562	Orobas	One of the 72 demons of the Goetia. Known as the Prince of Hell	 he appears as a horse and answers questions of the past	 present	 and future. He is faithful to his conjurer.	AAAAAA==
913563	Orobas	One of the 72 demons of the Goetia. Known as the Prince of Hell	 he appears as a horse and answers questions of the past	 present	 and future. He is faithful to his conjurer.	AAAAAA==
913571	Orthrus	The two-headed pet dog belonging to the giant Geryon of Greek myth. He guarded a herd of red oxen but was killed by Hercules during one of his twelve labors.	AAAAAA==
913572	Orobas	One of the 72 demons of the Goetia. Known as the Prince of Hell	 he appears as a horse and answers questions of the past	 present	 and future. He is faithful to his conjurer.	AAAAAA==
913573	Orobas	One of the 72 demons of the Goetia. Known as the Prince of Hell	 he appears as a horse and answers questions of the past	 present	 and future. He is faithful to his conjurer.	AAAAAA==
913581	Oni	An evil monster from Japanese lore known for its hideous visage and brute strength. They loot and plunder villages	 massacring the townspeople with their iron clubs. They have horns on their heads	 red skin	 long claws	 and razor-sharp teeth.	AAAAAA==
913582	Nekomata	Long-lived cats are said to become these malevolent cat demons. Their powers vary according to how long they have lived	 ranging from shape-shifting to controlling the dead.	AAAAAA==
913591	Orobas	One of the 72 demons of the Goetia. Known as the Prince of Hell	 he appears as a horse and answers questions of the past	 present	 and future. He is faithful to his conjurer.	AAAAAA==
913592	Orobas	One of the 72 demons of the Goetia. Known as the Prince of Hell	 he appears as a horse and answers questions of the past	 present	 and future. He is faithful to his conjurer.	AAAAAA==
913593	Orobas	One of the 72 demons of the Goetia. Known as the Prince of Hell	 he appears as a horse and answers questions of the past	 present	 and future. He is faithful to his conjurer.	AAAAAA==
913594	Orobas	One of the 72 demons of the Goetia. Known as the Prince of Hell	 he appears as a horse and answers questions of the past	 present	 and future. He is faithful to his conjurer.	AAAAAA==
913601	Black Ooze	A mass of malevolent intent and emotion that failed to become a true demon. All it does is eat	 prey	 and grow.	AAAAAA==
913602	Black Ooze	A mass of malevolent intent and emotion that failed to become a true demon. All it does is eat	 prey	 and grow.	AAAAAA==
913611	Black Ooze	A mass of malevolent intent and emotion that failed to become a true demon. All it does is eat	 prey	 and grow.	AAAAAA==
913612	Nekomata	Long-lived cats are said to become these malevolent cat demons. Their powers vary according to how long they have lived	 ranging from shape-shifting to controlling the dead.	AAAAAA==
913613	Nekomata	Long-lived cats are said to become these malevolent cat demons. Their powers vary according to how long they have lived	 ranging from shape-shifting to controlling the dead.	AAAAAA==
913621	Yaksini	A female demon in Hindu lore. Though originally a Dravidian fertility goddess	 the spread of Hinduism changed perception of her to a demonic figure. Usually depicted as a nude	 voluptuous female.	AAAAAA==
913622	Leanan Sidhe	A beautiful fairy of Irish lore that yearns for the love of a human man. She drains the life of her lovers in return for granting them artistic inspiration.	AAAAAA==
913623	Leanan Sidhe	A beautiful fairy of Irish lore that yearns for the love of a human man. She drains the life of her lovers in return for granting them artistic inspiration.	AAAAAA==
913631	Oni	An evil monster from Japanese lore known for its hideous visage and brute strength. They loot and plunder villages	 massacring the townspeople with their iron clubs. They have horns on their heads	 red skin	 long claws	 and razor-sharp teeth.	AAAAAA==
913632	Orobas	One of the 72 demons of the Goetia. Known as the Prince of Hell	 he appears as a horse and answers questions of the past	 present	 and future. He is faithful to his conjurer.	AAAAAA==
913633	Orobas	One of the 72 demons of the Goetia. Known as the Prince of Hell	 he appears as a horse and answers questions of the past	 present	 and future. He is faithful to his conjurer.	AAAAAA==
913641	Orthrus	The two-headed pet dog belonging to the giant Geryon of Greek myth. He guarded a herd of red oxen but was killed by Hercules during one of his twelve labors.	AAAAAA==
913642	Orthrus	The two-headed pet dog belonging to the giant Geryon of Greek myth. He guarded a herd of red oxen but was killed by Hercules during one of his twelve labors.	AAAAAA==
913651	Orthrus	The two-headed pet dog belonging to the giant Geryon of Greek myth. He guarded a herd of red oxen but was killed by Hercules during one of his twelve labors.	AAAAAA==
913652	Black Ooze	A mass of malevolent intent and emotion that failed to become a true demon. All it does is eat	 prey	 and grow.	AAAAAA==
913653	Black Ooze	A mass of malevolent intent and emotion that failed to become a true demon. All it does is eat	 prey	 and grow.	AAAAAA==
913661	Oni	An evil monster from Japanese lore known for its hideous visage and brute strength. They loot and plunder villages	 massacring the townspeople with their iron clubs. They have horns on their heads	 red skin	 long claws	 and razor-sharp teeth.	AAAAAA==
913662	Oni	An evil monster from Japanese lore known for its hideous visage and brute strength. They loot and plunder villages	 massacring the townspeople with their iron clubs. They have horns on their heads	 red skin	 long claws	 and razor-sharp teeth.	AAAAAA==
913663	Leanan Sidhe	A beautiful fairy of Irish lore that yearns for the love of a human man. She drains the life of her lovers in return for granting them artistic inspiration.	AAAAAA==
913671	Yaksini	A female demon in Hindu lore. Though originally a Dravidian fertility goddess	 the spread of Hinduism changed perception of her to a demonic figure. Usually depicted as a nude	 voluptuous female.	AAAAAA==
913672	Yaksini	A female demon in Hindu lore. Though originally a Dravidian fertility goddess	 the spread of Hinduism changed perception of her to a demonic figure. Usually depicted as a nude	 voluptuous female.	AAAAAA==
913681	Rakshasa	A Hindu demon. He is an enemy of the gods and attacks humans to feed off of them. His hideous appearance strikes fear into those who see him. Rakshasa shape-shifts to deceive his enemies.	AAAAAA==
913682	Rakshasa	A Hindu demon. He is an enemy of the gods and attacks humans to feed off of them. His hideous appearance strikes fear into those who see him. Rakshasa shape-shifts to deceive his enemies.	AAAAAA==
913691	Orthrus	The two-headed pet dog belonging to the giant Geryon of Greek myth. He guarded a herd of red oxen but was killed by Hercules during one of his twelve labors.	AAAAAA==
913692	Yaksini	A female demon in Hindu lore. Though originally a Dravidian fertility goddess	 the spread of Hinduism changed perception of her to a demonic figure. Usually depicted as a nude	 voluptuous female.	AAAAAA==
913693	Yaksini	A female demon in Hindu lore. Though originally a Dravidian fertility goddess	 the spread of Hinduism changed perception of her to a demonic figure. Usually depicted as a nude	 voluptuous female.	AAAAAA==
913701	Yaksini	A female demon in Hindu lore. Though originally a Dravidian fertility goddess	 the spread of Hinduism changed perception of her to a demonic figure. Usually depicted as a nude	 voluptuous female.	AAAAAA==
913702	Rakshasa	A Hindu demon. He is an enemy of the gods and attacks humans to feed off of them. His hideous appearance strikes fear into those who see him. Rakshasa shape-shifts to deceive his enemies.	AAAAAA==
913703	Rakshasa	A Hindu demon. He is an enemy of the gods and attacks humans to feed off of them. His hideous appearance strikes fear into those who see him. Rakshasa shape-shifts to deceive his enemies.	AAAAAA==
913711	Rakshasa	A Hindu demon. He is an enemy of the gods and attacks humans to feed off of them. His hideous appearance strikes fear into those who see him. Rakshasa shape-shifts to deceive his enemies.	AAAAAA==
913712	Rakshasa	A Hindu demon. He is an enemy of the gods and attacks humans to feed off of them. His hideous appearance strikes fear into those who see him. Rakshasa shape-shifts to deceive his enemies.	AAAAAA==
913713	Rakshasa	A Hindu demon. He is an enemy of the gods and attacks humans to feed off of them. His hideous appearance strikes fear into those who see him. Rakshasa shape-shifts to deceive his enemies.	AAAAAA==
913721	Rakshasa	A Hindu demon. He is an enemy of the gods and attacks humans to feed off of them. His hideous appearance strikes fear into those who see him. Rakshasa shape-shifts to deceive his enemies.	AAAAAA==
913722	Rakshasa	A Hindu demon. He is an enemy of the gods and attacks humans to feed off of them. His hideous appearance strikes fear into those who see him. Rakshasa shape-shifts to deceive his enemies.	AAAAAA==
913723	Orobas	One of the 72 demons of the Goetia. Known as the Prince of Hell	 he appears as a horse and answers questions of the past	 present	 and future. He is faithful to his conjurer.	AAAAAA==
913724	Orobas	One of the 72 demons of the Goetia. Known as the Prince of Hell	 he appears as a horse and answers questions of the past	 present	 and future. He is faithful to his conjurer.	AAAAAA==
913731	Rakshasa	A Hindu demon. He is an enemy of the gods and attacks humans to feed off of them. His hideous appearance strikes fear into those who see him. Rakshasa shape-shifts to deceive his enemies.	AAAAAA==
913732	Yaksini	A female demon in Hindu lore. Though originally a Dravidian fertility goddess	 the spread of Hinduism changed perception of her to a demonic figure. Usually depicted as a nude	 voluptuous female.	AAAAAA==
913733	Yaksini	A female demon in Hindu lore. Though originally a Dravidian fertility goddess	 the spread of Hinduism changed perception of her to a demonic figure. Usually depicted as a nude	 voluptuous female.	AAAAAA==
913741	Oni	An evil monster from Japanese lore known for its hideous visage and brute strength. They loot and plunder villages	 massacring the townspeople with their iron clubs. They have horns on their heads	 red skin	 long claws	 and razor-sharp teeth.	AAAAAA==
913742	Oni	An evil monster from Japanese lore known for its hideous visage and brute strength. They loot and plunder villages	 massacring the townspeople with their iron clubs. They have horns on their heads	 red skin	 long claws	 and razor-sharp teeth.	AAAAAA==
913751	Orobas	One of the 72 demons of the Goetia. Known as the Prince of Hell	 he appears as a horse and answers questions of the past	 present	 and future. He is faithful to his conjurer.	AAAAAA==
913752	Orobas	One of the 72 demons of the Goetia. Known as the Prince of Hell	 he appears as a horse and answers questions of the past	 present	 and future. He is faithful to his conjurer.	AAAAAA==
913753	Nekomata	Long-lived cats are said to become these malevolent cat demons. Their powers vary according to how long they have lived	 ranging from shape-shifting to controlling the dead.	AAAAAA==
913754	Nekomata	Long-lived cats are said to become these malevolent cat demons. Their powers vary according to how long they have lived	 ranging from shape-shifting to controlling the dead.	AAAAAA==
913761	Rakshasa	A Hindu demon. He is an enemy of the gods and attacks humans to feed off of them. His hideous appearance strikes fear into those who see him. Rakshasa shape-shifts to deceive his enemies.	AAAAAA==
913762	Rakshasa	A Hindu demon. He is an enemy of the gods and attacks humans to feed off of them. His hideous appearance strikes fear into those who see him. Rakshasa shape-shifts to deceive his enemies.	AAAAAA==
913763	Yaksini	A female demon in Hindu lore. Though originally a Dravidian fertility goddess	 the spread of Hinduism changed perception of her to a demonic figure. Usually depicted as a nude	 voluptuous female.	AAAAAA==
913764	Yaksini	A female demon in Hindu lore. Though originally a Dravidian fertility goddess	 the spread of Hinduism changed perception of her to a demonic figure. Usually depicted as a nude	 voluptuous female.	AAAAAA==
913771	High Pixie	The leader of a swarm of pixies. Any pixie in a leadership role or with remarkable power is called by this name.	AAAAAA==
913772	High Pixie	The leader of a swarm of pixies. Any pixie in a leadership role or with remarkable power is called by this name.	AAAAAA==
913773	High Pixie	The leader of a swarm of pixies. Any pixie in a leadership role or with remarkable power is called by this name.	AAAAAA==
913774	High Pixie	The leader of a swarm of pixies. Any pixie in a leadership role or with remarkable power is called by this name.	AAAAAA==
913775	High Pixie	The leader of a swarm of pixies. Any pixie in a leadership role or with remarkable power is called by this name.	AAAAAA==
913781	Black Ooze	A mass of malevolent intent and emotion that failed to become a true demon. All it does is eat	 prey	 and grow.	AAAAAA==
913782	Black Ooze	A mass of malevolent intent and emotion that failed to become a true demon. All it does is eat	 prey	 and grow.	AAAAAA==
913783	Black Ooze	A mass of malevolent intent and emotion that failed to become a true demon. All it does is eat	 prey	 and grow.	AAAAAA==
913791	Orthrus	The two-headed pet dog belonging to the giant Geryon of Greek myth. He guarded a herd of red oxen but was killed by Hercules during one of his twelve labors.	AAAAAA==
913792	Black Ooze	A mass of malevolent intent and emotion that failed to become a true demon. All it does is eat	 prey	 and grow.	AAAAAA==
913793	Black Ooze	A mass of malevolent intent and emotion that failed to become a true demon. All it does is eat	 prey	 and grow.	AAAAAA==
913801	Yaksini	A female demon in Hindu lore. Though originally a Dravidian fertility goddess	 the spread of Hinduism changed perception of her to a demonic figure. Usually depicted as a nude	 voluptuous female.	AAAAAA==
913802	Yaksini	A female demon in Hindu lore. Though originally a Dravidian fertility goddess	 the spread of Hinduism changed perception of her to a demonic figure. Usually depicted as a nude	 voluptuous female.	AAAAAA==
913803	Nekomata	Long-lived cats are said to become these malevolent cat demons. Their powers vary according to how long they have lived	 ranging from shape-shifting to controlling the dead.	AAAAAA==
913804	Nekomata	Long-lived cats are said to become these malevolent cat demons. Their powers vary according to how long they have lived	 ranging from shape-shifting to controlling the dead.	AAAAAA==
913811	Rakshasa	A Hindu demon. He is an enemy of the gods and attacks humans to feed off of them. His hideous appearance strikes fear into those who see him. Rakshasa shape-shifts to deceive his enemies.	AAAAAA==
913812	Rakshasa	A Hindu demon. He is an enemy of the gods and attacks humans to feed off of them. His hideous appearance strikes fear into those who see him. Rakshasa shape-shifts to deceive his enemies.	AAAAAA==
913813	Yaksini	A female demon in Hindu lore. Though originally a Dravidian fertility goddess	 the spread of Hinduism changed perception of her to a demonic figure. Usually depicted as a nude	 voluptuous female.	AAAAAA==
913814	Yaksini	A female demon in Hindu lore. Though originally a Dravidian fertility goddess	 the spread of Hinduism changed perception of her to a demonic figure. Usually depicted as a nude	 voluptuous female.	AAAAAA==
913821	Orthrus	The two-headed pet dog belonging to the giant Geryon of Greek myth. He guarded a herd of red oxen but was killed by Hercules during one of his twelve labors.	AAAAAA==
913822	Orthrus	The two-headed pet dog belonging to the giant Geryon of Greek myth. He guarded a herd of red oxen but was killed by Hercules during one of his twelve labors.	AAAAAA==
913823	Orthrus	The two-headed pet dog belonging to the giant Geryon of Greek myth. He guarded a herd of red oxen but was killed by Hercules during one of his twelve labors.	AAAAAA==
913831	Oni	An evil monster from Japanese lore known for its hideous visage and brute strength. They loot and plunder villages	 massacring the townspeople with their iron clubs. They have horns on their heads	 red skin	 long claws	 and razor-sharp teeth.	AAAAAA==
913832	Oni	An evil monster from Japanese lore known for its hideous visage and brute strength. They loot and plunder villages	 massacring the townspeople with their iron clubs. They have horns on their heads	 red skin	 long claws	 and razor-sharp teeth.	AAAAAA==
913833	Oni	An evil monster from Japanese lore known for its hideous visage and brute strength. They loot and plunder villages	 massacring the townspeople with their iron clubs. They have horns on their heads	 red skin	 long claws	 and razor-sharp teeth.	AAAAAA==
913834	Oni	An evil monster from Japanese lore known for its hideous visage and brute strength. They loot and plunder villages	 massacring the townspeople with their iron clubs. They have horns on their heads	 red skin	 long claws	 and razor-sharp teeth.	AAAAAA==
913501	Sinner of Gluttony	-	AAAAAA==
913502	Piggytron	-	AAAAAA==
913503	Sturdy Guard	-	AAAAAA==
913504	Sturdy Guard	-	AAAAAA==
913505	Feeble Guard	-	AAAAAA==
913506	Piggytron	-	AAAAAA==
913911	Sinner of Gluttony	-	AAAAAA==
913912	Piggytron	-	AAAAAA==
913913	Sturdy Guard	-	AAAAAA==
913914	Sturdy Guard	-	AAAAAA==
913915	Feeble Guard	-	AAAAAA==
913916	Piggytron	-	AAAAAA==
913921	Sinner of Gluttony	-	AAAAAA==
913922	Piggytron	-	AAAAAA==
913926	Piggytron	-	AAAAAA==
913931	Sinner of Gluttony	-	AAAAAA==
913932	Piggytron	-	AAAAAA==
913936	Piggytron	-	AAAAAA==
913941	Sinner of Gluttony	-	AAAAAA==
913942	Piggytron	-	AAAAAA==
913946	Piggytron	-	AAAAAA==
913951	Sinner of Gluttony	-	AAAAAA==
913952	Piggytron	-	AAAAAA==
913953	Sturdy Guard	-	AAAAAA==
913954	Sturdy Guard	-	AAAAAA==
913955	Feeble Guard	-	AAAAAA==
913956	Piggytron	-	AAAAAA==
913961	Sinner of Gluttony	-	AAAAAA==
913962	Piggytron	-	AAAAAA==
913966	Piggytron	-	AAAAAA==
914011	Garuda	A divine bird-man in Hindu lore	 he once fought the gods and received immortality in exchange for becoming Vishnu's carrier.	AAAAAA==
914021	Isis	Osiris's wife as well as his younger sister. Upon the death of her husband	 she revived him with her incredible magic power. Isis is seen at many gravesites as the guardian goddess of the dead.	AAAAAA==
914022	Sandman	A fairy in German folklore who carries a bag of magical sand	 which puts humans to sleep when thrown into their eyes. If the victim resists	 the Sandman will sit on their eyelids.	AAAAAA==
914023	Sandman	A fairy in German folklore who carries a bag of magical sand	 which puts humans to sleep when thrown into their eyes. If the victim resists	 the Sandman will sit on their eyelids.	AAAAAA==
914031	Thoth	Egyptian moon god that takes the form of a baboon	 he is the one who measures time. He gave Isis the power to resurrect Osiris after he was killed by the evil god Seth.	AAAAAA==
914032	Naga	Half-snake	 half-human divine beings in Hindu lore	 worshipped as bringers of rain. They live in the bottoms of lakes and seas	 singing and dancing when they are not fighting.	AAAAAA==
914033	Naga	Half-snake	 half-human divine beings in Hindu lore	 worshipped as bringers of rain. They live in the bottoms of lakes and seas	 singing and dancing when they are not fighting.	AAAAAA==
914041	Anubis	The jackal-headed god of the dead and embalming from Egyptian myth. He weighs the hearts of the dead to determine their final destination.	AAAAAA==
914042	Anzu	An evil deity of Mesopotamian folklore with an eagle's body and lion's head. While the god Enlil purified himself	 Anzu stole the Tablets of Destiny from him.	AAAAAA==
914043	Anzu	An evil deity of Mesopotamian folklore with an eagle's body and lion's head. While the god Enlil purified himself	 Anzu stole the Tablets of Destiny from him.	AAAAAA==
914051	Garuda	A divine bird-man in Hindu lore	 he once fought the gods and received immortality in exchange for becoming Vishnu's carrier.	AAAAAA==
914052	Lamia	A half-human	 half-snake female monster of Greek myth	 she was once the queen of Libya. Zeus's jealous wife	 Hera	 killed her children	 causing her to go mad and transform into a monster.	AAAAAA==
914053	Lamia	A half-human	 half-snake female monster of Greek myth	 she was once the queen of Libya. Zeus's jealous wife	 Hera	 killed her children	 causing her to go mad and transform into a monster.	AAAAAA==
914061	Thoth	Egyptian moon god that takes the form of a baboon	 he is the one who measures time. He gave Isis the power to resurrect Osiris after he was killed by the evil god Seth.	AAAAAA==
914062	Andras	One of the 72 demons of the Goetia. The great Marquis of Hell	 he appears where there is battle to stoke the hatred within soldiers. He helps defeat the enemies of those who summon him.	AAAAAA==
914063	Andras	One of the 72 demons of the Goetia. The great Marquis of Hell	 he appears where there is battle to stoke the hatred within soldiers. He helps defeat the enemies of those who summon him.	AAAAAA==
914071	Anubis	The jackal-headed god of the dead and embalming from Egyptian myth. He weighs the hearts of the dead to determine their final destination.	AAAAAA==
914072	Isis	Osiris's wife as well as his younger sister. Upon the death of her husband	 she revived him with her incredible magic power. Isis is seen at many gravesites as the guardian goddess of the dead.	AAAAAA==
914073	Isis	Osiris's wife as well as his younger sister. Upon the death of her husband	 she revived him with her incredible magic power. Isis is seen at many gravesites as the guardian goddess of the dead.	AAAAAA==
914501	Moha	-	AAAAAA==
914502	Moha	-	1. After acting each turn	 if Moha has taken damage during that turn	 its Wrath increases by 4. If it has not taken damage during the turn	 its Wrath decreases by 1.
2. If Moha's Wrath reaches 12 by the end of the turn	 it will spend all Wrath to use Rapid Ascent	 and on the next turn	 uses Sphinx Dive to deal heavy Physical damage to all Phantom Thieves.
3. When Moha is on the field	 the Phantom Thieves gain a small amount of Energy at the end of each turn.
4. When the Phantom Thieves deal weakness damage to Moha	 they gain a large amount of Ballista Energy. This can be done only once per turn.
5. When the Phantom Thieves have 100 Ballista Energy at the start of the turn	 they will spend 100 Ballista Energy to attack Moha with a Ballista Shot	 putting it in a Weakened state and causing it to lose all Wrath.
914311	Thoth	Egyptian moon god that takes the form of a baboon	 he is the one who measures time. He gave Isis the power to resurrect Osiris after he was killed by the evil god Seth.	AAAAAA==
914312	Lamia	A half-human	 half-snake female monster of Greek myth	 she was once the queen of Libya. Zeus's jealous wife	 Hera	 killed her children	 causing her to go mad and transform into a monster.	AAAAAA==
914313	Lamia	A half-human	 half-snake female monster of Greek myth	 she was once the queen of Libya. Zeus's jealous wife	 Hera	 killed her children	 causing her to go mad and transform into a monster.	AAAAAA==
914321	Anubis	The jackal-headed god of the dead and embalming from Egyptian myth. He weighs the hearts of the dead to determine their final destination.	AAAAAA==
914322	Sandman	A fairy in German folklore who carries a bag of magical sand	 which puts humans to sleep when thrown into their eyes. If the victim resists	 the Sandman will sit on their eyelids.	AAAAAA==
914323	Sandman	A fairy in German folklore who carries a bag of magical sand	 which puts humans to sleep when thrown into their eyes. If the victim resists	 the Sandman will sit on their eyelids.	AAAAAA==
914331	Thoth	Egyptian moon god that takes the form of a baboon	 he is the one who measures time. He gave Isis the power to resurrect Osiris after he was killed by the evil god Seth.	AAAAAA==
914332	Anzu	An evil deity of Mesopotamian folklore with an eagle's body and lion's head. While the god Enlil purified himself	 Anzu stole the Tablets of Destiny from him.	AAAAAA==
914333	Anzu	An evil deity of Mesopotamian folklore with an eagle's body and lion's head. While the god Enlil purified himself	 Anzu stole the Tablets of Destiny from him.	AAAAAA==
914211	Garuda	A divine bird-man in Hindu lore	 he once fought the gods and received immortality in exchange for becoming Vishnu's carrier.	AAAAAA==
914212	Sandman	A fairy in German folklore who carries a bag of magical sand	 which puts humans to sleep when thrown into their eyes. If the victim resists	 the Sandman will sit on their eyelids.	AAAAAA==
914213	Sandman	A fairy in German folklore who carries a bag of magical sand	 which puts humans to sleep when thrown into their eyes. If the victim resists	 the Sandman will sit on their eyelids.	AAAAAA==
914221	Thoth	Egyptian moon god that takes the form of a baboon	 he is the one who measures time. He gave Isis the power to resurrect Osiris after he was killed by the evil god Seth.	AAAAAA==
914222	Naga	Half-snake	 half-human divine beings in Hindu lore	 worshipped as bringers of rain. They live in the bottoms of lakes and seas	 singing and dancing when they are not fighting.	AAAAAA==
914223	Naga	Half-snake	 half-human divine beings in Hindu lore	 worshipped as bringers of rain. They live in the bottoms of lakes and seas	 singing and dancing when they are not fighting.	AAAAAA==
914231	Thoth	Egyptian moon god that takes the form of a baboon	 he is the one who measures time. He gave Isis the power to resurrect Osiris after he was killed by the evil god Seth.	AAAAAA==
914232	Anzu	An evil deity of Mesopotamian folklore with an eagle's body and lion's head. While the god Enlil purified himself	 Anzu stole the Tablets of Destiny from him.	AAAAAA==
914233	Anzu	An evil deity of Mesopotamian folklore with an eagle's body and lion's head. While the god Enlil purified himself	 Anzu stole the Tablets of Destiny from him.	AAAAAA==
914241	Anubis	The jackal-headed god of the dead and embalming from Egyptian myth. He weighs the hearts of the dead to determine their final destination.	AAAAAA==
914242	Lamia	A half-human	 half-snake female monster of Greek myth	 she was once the queen of Libya. Zeus's jealous wife	 Hera	 killed her children	 causing her to go mad and transform into a monster.	AAAAAA==
914243	Lamia	A half-human	 half-snake female monster of Greek myth	 she was once the queen of Libya. Zeus's jealous wife	 Hera	 killed her children	 causing her to go mad and transform into a monster.	AAAAAA==
914511	Anzu	An evil deity of Mesopotamian folklore with an eagle's body and lion's head. While the god Enlil purified himself	 Anzu stole the Tablets of Destiny from him.	AAAAAA==
914512	Anzu	An evil deity of Mesopotamian folklore with an eagle's body and lion's head. While the god Enlil purified himself	 Anzu stole the Tablets of Destiny from him.	AAAAAA==
914513	Sandman	A fairy in German folklore who carries a bag of magical sand	 which puts humans to sleep when thrown into their eyes. If the victim resists	 the Sandman will sit on their eyelids.	AAAAAA==
914514	Sandman	A fairy in German folklore who carries a bag of magical sand	 which puts humans to sleep when thrown into their eyes. If the victim resists	 the Sandman will sit on their eyelids.	AAAAAA==
914521	Naga	Half-snake	 half-human divine beings in Hindu lore	 worshipped as bringers of rain. They live in the bottoms of lakes and seas	 singing and dancing when they are not fighting.	AAAAAA==
914522	Naga	Half-snake	 half-human divine beings in Hindu lore	 worshipped as bringers of rain. They live in the bottoms of lakes and seas	 singing and dancing when they are not fighting.	AAAAAA==
914523	Naga	Half-snake	 half-human divine beings in Hindu lore	 worshipped as bringers of rain. They live in the bottoms of lakes and seas	 singing and dancing when they are not fighting.	AAAAAA==
914524	Naga	Half-snake	 half-human divine beings in Hindu lore	 worshipped as bringers of rain. They live in the bottoms of lakes and seas	 singing and dancing when they are not fighting.	AAAAAA==
914531	Lamia	A half-human	 half-snake female monster of Greek myth	 she was once the queen of Libya. Zeus's jealous wife	 Hera	 killed her children	 causing her to go mad and transform into a monster.	AAAAAA==
914532	Lamia	A half-human	 half-snake female monster of Greek myth	 she was once the queen of Libya. Zeus's jealous wife	 Hera	 killed her children	 causing her to go mad and transform into a monster.	AAAAAA==
914533	Naga	Half-snake	 half-human divine beings in Hindu lore	 worshipped as bringers of rain. They live in the bottoms of lakes and seas	 singing and dancing when they are not fighting.	AAAAAA==
914534	Naga	Half-snake	 half-human divine beings in Hindu lore	 worshipped as bringers of rain. They live in the bottoms of lakes and seas	 singing and dancing when they are not fighting.	AAAAAA==
914541	Isis	Osiris's wife as well as his younger sister. Upon the death of her husband	 she revived him with her incredible magic power. Isis is seen at many gravesites as the guardian goddess of the dead.	AAAAAA==
914542	Lamia	A half-human	 half-snake female monster of Greek myth	 she was once the queen of Libya. Zeus's jealous wife	 Hera	 killed her children	 causing her to go mad and transform into a monster.	AAAAAA==
914543	Lamia	A half-human	 half-snake female monster of Greek myth	 she was once the queen of Libya. Zeus's jealous wife	 Hera	 killed her children	 causing her to go mad and transform into a monster.	AAAAAA==
914551	Sandman	A fairy in German folklore who carries a bag of magical sand	 which puts humans to sleep when thrown into their eyes. If the victim resists	 the Sandman will sit on their eyelids.	AAAAAA==
914552	Sandman	A fairy in German folklore who carries a bag of magical sand	 which puts humans to sleep when thrown into their eyes. If the victim resists	 the Sandman will sit on their eyelids.	AAAAAA==
914553	Naga	Half-snake	 half-human divine beings in Hindu lore	 worshipped as bringers of rain. They live in the bottoms of lakes and seas	 singing and dancing when they are not fighting.	AAAAAA==
914554	Naga	Half-snake	 half-human divine beings in Hindu lore	 worshipped as bringers of rain. They live in the bottoms of lakes and seas	 singing and dancing when they are not fighting.	AAAAAA==
914561	Anzu	An evil deity of Mesopotamian folklore with an eagle's body and lion's head. While the god Enlil purified himself	 Anzu stole the Tablets of Destiny from him.	AAAAAA==
914562	Lamia	A half-human	 half-snake female monster of Greek myth	 she was once the queen of Libya. Zeus's jealous wife	 Hera	 killed her children	 causing her to go mad and transform into a monster.	AAAAAA==
914563	Lamia	A half-human	 half-snake female monster of Greek myth	 she was once the queen of Libya. Zeus's jealous wife	 Hera	 killed her children	 causing her to go mad and transform into a monster.	AAAAAA==
914571	Andras	One of the 72 demons of the Goetia. The great Marquis of Hell	 he appears where there is battle to stoke the hatred within soldiers. He helps defeat the enemies of those who summon him.	AAAAAA==
914572	Isis	Osiris's wife as well as his younger sister. Upon the death of her husband	 she revived him with her incredible magic power. Isis is seen at many gravesites as the guardian goddess of the dead.	AAAAAA==
914573	Isis	Osiris's wife as well as his younger sister. Upon the death of her husband	 she revived him with her incredible magic power. Isis is seen at many gravesites as the guardian goddess of the dead.	AAAAAA==
914581	Lamia	A half-human	 half-snake female monster of Greek myth	 she was once the queen of Libya. Zeus's jealous wife	 Hera	 killed her children	 causing her to go mad and transform into a monster.	AAAAAA==
914582	Lamia	A half-human	 half-snake female monster of Greek myth	 she was once the queen of Libya. Zeus's jealous wife	 Hera	 killed her children	 causing her to go mad and transform into a monster.	AAAAAA==
914583	Sandman	A fairy in German folklore who carries a bag of magical sand	 which puts humans to sleep when thrown into their eyes. If the victim resists	 the Sandman will sit on their eyelids.	AAAAAA==
914584	Sandman	A fairy in German folklore who carries a bag of magical sand	 which puts humans to sleep when thrown into their eyes. If the victim resists	 the Sandman will sit on their eyelids.	AAAAAA==
914591	Andras	One of the 72 demons of the Goetia. The great Marquis of Hell	 he appears where there is battle to stoke the hatred within soldiers. He helps defeat the enemies of those who summon him.	AAAAAA==
914592	Andras	One of the 72 demons of the Goetia. The great Marquis of Hell	 he appears where there is battle to stoke the hatred within soldiers. He helps defeat the enemies of those who summon him.	AAAAAA==
914593	Naga	Half-snake	 half-human divine beings in Hindu lore	 worshipped as bringers of rain. They live in the bottoms of lakes and seas	 singing and dancing when they are not fighting.	AAAAAA==
914594	Naga	Half-snake	 half-human divine beings in Hindu lore	 worshipped as bringers of rain. They live in the bottoms of lakes and seas	 singing and dancing when they are not fighting.	AAAAAA==
914601	Garuda	A divine bird-man in Hindu lore	 he once fought the gods and received immortality in exchange for becoming Vishnu's carrier.	AAAAAA==
914602	Andras	One of the 72 demons of the Goetia. The great Marquis of Hell	 he appears where there is battle to stoke the hatred within soldiers. He helps defeat the enemies of those who summon him.	AAAAAA==
914603	Andras	One of the 72 demons of the Goetia. The great Marquis of Hell	 he appears where there is battle to stoke the hatred within soldiers. He helps defeat the enemies of those who summon him.	AAAAAA==
914611	Anubis	The jackal-headed god of the dead and embalming from Egyptian myth. He weighs the hearts of the dead to determine their final destination.	AAAAAA==
914612	Naga	Half-snake	 half-human divine beings in Hindu lore	 worshipped as bringers of rain. They live in the bottoms of lakes and seas	 singing and dancing when they are not fighting.	AAAAAA==
914613	Naga	Half-snake	 half-human divine beings in Hindu lore	 worshipped as bringers of rain. They live in the bottoms of lakes and seas	 singing and dancing when they are not fighting.	AAAAAA==
914621	Thoth	Egyptian moon god that takes the form of a baboon	 he is the one who measures time. He gave Isis the power to resurrect Osiris after he was killed by the evil god Seth.	AAAAAA==
914622	Isis	Osiris's wife as well as his younger sister. Upon the death of her husband	 she revived him with her incredible magic power. Isis is seen at many gravesites as the guardian goddess of the dead.	AAAAAA==
914623	Isis	Osiris's wife as well as his younger sister. Upon the death of her husband	 she revived him with her incredible magic power. Isis is seen at many gravesites as the guardian goddess of the dead.	AAAAAA==
914631	Naga	Half-snake	 half-human divine beings in Hindu lore	 worshipped as bringers of rain. They live in the bottoms of lakes and seas	 singing and dancing when they are not fighting.	AAAAAA==
914632	Naga	Half-snake	 half-human divine beings in Hindu lore	 worshipped as bringers of rain. They live in the bottoms of lakes and seas	 singing and dancing when they are not fighting.	AAAAAA==
914633	Andras	One of the 72 demons of the Goetia. The great Marquis of Hell	 he appears where there is battle to stoke the hatred within soldiers. He helps defeat the enemies of those who summon him.	AAAAAA==
914634	Andras	One of the 72 demons of the Goetia. The great Marquis of Hell	 he appears where there is battle to stoke the hatred within soldiers. He helps defeat the enemies of those who summon him.	AAAAAA==
914641	Andras	One of the 72 demons of the Goetia. The great Marquis of Hell	 he appears where there is battle to stoke the hatred within soldiers. He helps defeat the enemies of those who summon him.	AAAAAA==
914642	Andras	One of the 72 demons of the Goetia. The great Marquis of Hell	 he appears where there is battle to stoke the hatred within soldiers. He helps defeat the enemies of those who summon him.	AAAAAA==
914643	Isis	Osiris's wife as well as his younger sister. Upon the death of her husband	 she revived him with her incredible magic power. Isis is seen at many gravesites as the guardian goddess of the dead.	AAAAAA==
914644	Isis	Osiris's wife as well as his younger sister. Upon the death of her husband	 she revived him with her incredible magic power. Isis is seen at many gravesites as the guardian goddess of the dead.	AAAAAA==
914651	Garuda	A divine bird-man in Hindu lore	 he once fought the gods and received immortality in exchange for becoming Vishnu's carrier.	AAAAAA==
914652	Anzu	An evil deity of Mesopotamian folklore with an eagle's body and lion's head. While the god Enlil purified himself	 Anzu stole the Tablets of Destiny from him.	AAAAAA==
914653	Anzu	An evil deity of Mesopotamian folklore with an eagle's body and lion's head. While the god Enlil purified himself	 Anzu stole the Tablets of Destiny from him.	AAAAAA==
914661	Anubis	The jackal-headed god of the dead and embalming from Egyptian myth. He weighs the hearts of the dead to determine their final destination.	AAAAAA==
914662	Anzu	An evil deity of Mesopotamian folklore with an eagle's body and lion's head. While the god Enlil purified himself	 Anzu stole the Tablets of Destiny from him.	AAAAAA==
914663	Anzu	An evil deity of Mesopotamian folklore with an eagle's body and lion's head. While the god Enlil purified himself	 Anzu stole the Tablets of Destiny from him.	AAAAAA==
914671	Thoth	Egyptian moon god that takes the form of a baboon	 he is the one who measures time. He gave Isis the power to resurrect Osiris after he was killed by the evil god Seth.	AAAAAA==
914672	Lamia	A half-human	 half-snake female monster of Greek myth	 she was once the queen of Libya. Zeus's jealous wife	 Hera	 killed her children	 causing her to go mad and transform into a monster.	AAAAAA==
914673	Lamia	A half-human	 half-snake female monster of Greek myth	 she was once the queen of Libya. Zeus's jealous wife	 Hera	 killed her children	 causing her to go mad and transform into a monster.	AAAAAA==
914911	Moha	-	1. After acting each turn	 if Moha has taken damage during that turn	 its Wrath increases by 4. If it has not taken damage during the turn	 its Wrath decreases by 1.
2. If Moha's Wrath reaches 12 by the end of the turn	 it will spend all Wrath to use Rapid Ascent	 and on the next turn	 uses Sphinx Dive to deal heavy Physical damage to all Phantom Thieves.
3. When Moha is on the field	 the Phantom Thieves gain a small amount of Energy at the end of each turn.
4. When the Phantom Thieves deal weakness damage to Moha	 they gain a large amount of Ballista Energy. This can be done only once per turn.
5. When the Phantom Thieves have 100 Ballista Energy at the start of the turn	 they will spend 100 Ballista Energy to attack Moha with a Ballista Shot	 putting it in a Weakened state and causing it to lose all Wrath.
914912	Moha	-	AAAAAA==
914921	Moha	-	1. After acting each turn	 if Moha has taken damage during that turn	 its Wrath increases by 4. If it has not taken damage during the turn	 its Wrath decreases by 1.
2. If Moha's Wrath reaches 12 by the end of the turn	 it will spend all Wrath to use Rapid Ascent	 and on the next turn	 uses Sphinx Dive to deal heavy Physical damage to all Phantom Thieves.
3. When Moha is on the field	 the Phantom Thieves gain a small amount of Energy at the end of each turn.
4. When the Phantom Thieves deal weakness damage to Moha	 they gain a large amount of Ballista Energy. This can be done only once per turn.
5. When the Phantom Thieves have 100 Ballista Energy at the start of the turn	 they will spend 100 Ballista Energy to attack Moha with a Ballista Shot	 putting it in a Weakened state and causing it to lose all Wrath.
914922	Moha	-	AAAAAA==
914931	Moha	-	1. After acting each turn	 if Moha has taken damage during that turn	 its Wrath increases by 4. If it has not taken damage during the turn	 its Wrath decreases by 1.
2. If Moha's Wrath reaches 12 by the end of the turn	 it will spend all Wrath to use Rapid Ascent	 and on the next turn	 uses Sphinx Dive to deal heavy Physical damage to all Phantom Thieves.
3. When Moha is on the field	 the Phantom Thieves gain a small amount of Energy at the end of each turn.
4. When the Phantom Thieves deal weakness damage to Moha	 they gain a large amount of Ballista Energy. This can be done only once per turn.
5. When the Phantom Thieves have 100 Ballista Energy at the start of the turn	 they will spend 100 Ballista Energy to attack Moha with a Ballista Shot	 putting it in a Weakened state and causing it to lose all Wrath.
914932	Moha	-	AAAAAA==
914941	Moha	-	1. After acting each turn	 if Moha has taken damage during that turn	 its Wrath increases by 4. If it has not taken damage during the turn	 its Wrath decreases by 1.
2. If Moha's Wrath reaches 12 by the end of the turn	 it will spend all Wrath to use Rapid Ascent	 and on the next turn	 uses Sphinx Dive to deal heavy Physical damage to all Phantom Thieves.
3. When Moha is on the field	 the Phantom Thieves gain a small amount of Energy at the end of each turn.
4. When the Phantom Thieves deal weakness damage to Moha	 they gain a large amount of Ballista Energy. This can be done only once per turn.
5. When the Phantom Thieves have 100 Ballista Energy at the start of the turn	 they will spend 100 Ballista Energy to attack Moha with a Ballista Shot	 putting it in a Weakened state and causing it to lose all Wrath.
914942	Moha	-	AAAAAA==
914951	Moha	-	1. After acting each turn	 if Moha has taken damage during that turn	 its Wrath increases by 4. If it has not taken damage during the turn	 its Wrath decreases by 1.
2. If Moha's Wrath reaches 12 by the end of the turn	 it will spend all Wrath to use Rapid Ascent	 and on the next turn	 uses Sphinx Dive to deal heavy Physical damage to all Phantom Thieves.
3. When Moha is on the field	 the Phantom Thieves gain a small amount of Energy at the end of each turn.
4. When the Phantom Thieves deal weakness damage to Moha	 they gain a large amount of Ballista Energy. This can be done only once per turn.
5. When the Phantom Thieves have 100 Ballista Energy at the start of the turn	 they will spend 100 Ballista Energy to attack Moha with a Ballista Shot	 putting it in a Weakened state and causing it to lose all Wrath.
914952	Moha	-	AAAAAA==
914961	Moha	-	1. After acting each turn	 if Moha has taken damage during that turn	 its Wrath increases by 4. If it has not taken damage during the turn	 its Wrath decreases by 1.
2. If Moha's Wrath reaches 12 by the end of the turn	 it will spend all Wrath to use Rapid Ascent	 and on the next turn	 uses Sphinx Dive to deal heavy Physical damage to all Phantom Thieves.
3. When Moha is on the field	 the Phantom Thieves gain a small amount of Energy at the end of each turn.
4. When the Phantom Thieves deal weakness damage to Moha	 they gain a large amount of Ballista Energy. This can be done only once per turn.
5. When the Phantom Thieves have 100 Ballista Energy at the start of the turn	 they will spend 100 Ballista Energy to attack Moha with a Ballista Shot	 putting it in a Weakened state and causing it to lose all Wrath.
914962	Moha	-	AAAAAA==
915501	Avidya	-	1. Avidya cannot be targeted in the first phase of battle	 and will continuously summon Corporobos to fight. After a certain number of Corporobos have been defeated	 Avidya will move to the second phase.
2. Avidya cannot be targeted in the second phase of battle	 and will summon a team of powerful Corporobos to fight. When all of the Corporobos have been defeated	 Avidya will move to the third phase	 where he can be targeted and will not use any skills.
3. During the battle	 Avidya will use Selfless Devotion on randomly selected Corporobos	 who will self-destruct after 2 turns	 dealing heavy damage to the Phantom Thieves.
915502	Avidya	-	1. Avidya cannot be targeted in the first phase of battle	 and will continuously summon Corporobos to fight. After a certain number of Corporobos have been defeated	 Avidya will move to the second phase.
2. Avidya cannot be targeted in the second phase of battle	 and will summon a team of powerful Corporobos to fight. When all of the Corporobos have been defeated	 Avidya will move to the third phase	 where he can be targeted and will not use any skills.
3. During the battle	 Avidya will use Selfless Devotion on randomly selected Corporobos	 who will self-destruct after 2 turns	 dealing heavy damage to the Phantom Thieves.
915503	Corporobo MDL-WKR	-	AAAAAA==
915504	Corporobo MDL-CH	-	Corporobo MDL-CH will use Overtime Order on the Shadow with the highest Attack	 granting it an extra turn.
915505	Corporobo MDL-AM	-	AAAAAA==
915506	Corporobo MDL-DM	-	Corporobo MDL-DM will use Performance Evaluation on the Shadow with the lowest Attack	 increasing its Attack	 and promoting it to a Corporobo MDL-AM after 2 turns.
915507	Corporobo MDL-GM	-	Corporobo MDL-GM uses skills to buff and heal Shadows.
915508	Corporobo MDL-ED	-	Corporobo MDL-ED will use Team-Building Exercise to drain all other Shadows' HP to strengthen itself.
915509	Avidya	-	1. Avidya cannot be targeted in the first phase of battle	 and will continuously summon Corporobos to fight. After a certain number of Corporobos have been defeated	 Avidya will move to the second phase.
2. Avidya cannot be targeted in the second phase of battle	 and will summon a team of powerful Corporobos to fight. When all of the Corporobos have been defeated	 Avidya will move to the third phase	 where he can be targeted and will not use any skills.
3. During the battle	 Avidya will use Selfless Devotion on randomly selected Corporobos	 who will self-destruct after 2 turns	 dealing heavy damage to the Phantom Thieves.
915911	Avidya	-	1. Avidya cannot be targeted in the first phase of battle	 and will continuously summon Corporobos to fight. After a certain number of Corporobos have been defeated	 Avidya will move to the second phase.
2. Avidya cannot be targeted in the second phase of battle	 and will summon a team of powerful Corporobos to fight. When all of the Corporobos have been defeated	 Avidya will move to the third phase	 where he can be targeted and will not use any skills.
3. During the battle	 Avidya will use Selfless Devotion on randomly selected Corporobos	 who will self-destruct after 2 turns	 dealing heavy damage to the Phantom Thieves.
915912	Avidya	-	1. Avidya cannot be targeted in the first phase of battle	 and will continuously summon Corporobos to fight. After a certain number of Corporobos have been defeated	 Avidya will move to the second phase.
2. Avidya cannot be targeted in the second phase of battle	 and will summon a team of powerful Corporobos to fight. When all of the Corporobos have been defeated	 Avidya will move to the third phase	 where he can be targeted and will not use any skills.
3. During the battle	 Avidya will use Selfless Devotion on randomly selected Corporobos	 who will self-destruct after 2 turns	 dealing heavy damage to the Phantom Thieves.
915913	Corporobo MDL-WKR	-	AAAAAA==
915914	Corporobo MDL-CH	-	Corporobo MDL-CH will use Overtime Order on the Shadow with the highest Attack	 granting it an extra turn.
915915	Corporobo MDL-AM	-	AAAAAA==
915916	Corporobo MDL-DM	-	Corporobo MDL-DM will use Performance Evaluation on the Shadow with the lowest Attack	 increasing its Attack	 and promoting it to a Corporobo MDL-AM after 2 turns.
915917	Corporobo MDL-GM	-	Corporobo MDL-GM uses skills to buff and heal Shadows.
915918	Corporobo MDL-ED	-	Corporobo MDL-ED will use Team-Building Exercise to drain all other Shadows' HP to strengthen itself.
915919	Avidya	-	1. Avidya cannot be targeted in the first phase of battle	 and will continuously summon Corporobos to fight. After a certain number of Corporobos have been defeated	 Avidya will move to the second phase.
2. Avidya cannot be targeted in the second phase of battle	 and will summon a team of powerful Corporobos to fight. When all of the Corporobos have been defeated	 Avidya will move to the third phase	 where he can be targeted and will not use any skills.
3. During the battle	 Avidya will use Selfless Devotion on randomly selected Corporobos	 who will self-destruct after 2 turns	 dealing heavy damage to the Phantom Thieves.
915921	Avidya	-	1. Avidya cannot be targeted in the first phase of battle	 and will continuously summon Corporobos to fight. After a certain number of Corporobos have been defeated	 Avidya will move to the second phase.
2. Avidya cannot be targeted in the second phase of battle	 and will summon a team of powerful Corporobos to fight. When all of the Corporobos have been defeated	 Avidya will move to the third phase	 where he can be targeted and will not use any skills.
3. During the battle	 Avidya will use Selfless Devotion on randomly selected Corporobos	 who will self-destruct after 2 turns	 dealing heavy damage to the Phantom Thieves.
915922	Avidya	-	1. Avidya cannot be targeted in the first phase of battle	 and will continuously summon Corporobos to fight. After a certain number of Corporobos have been defeated	 Avidya will move to the second phase.
2. Avidya cannot be targeted in the second phase of battle	 and will summon a team of powerful Corporobos to fight. When all of the Corporobos have been defeated	 Avidya will move to the third phase	 where he can be targeted and will not use any skills.
3. During the battle	 Avidya will use Selfless Devotion on randomly selected Corporobos	 who will self-destruct after 2 turns	 dealing heavy damage to the Phantom Thieves.
915923	Corporobo MDL-WKR	-	AAAAAA==
915924	Corporobo MDL-CH	-	Corporobo MDL-CH will use Overtime Order on the Shadow with the highest Attack	 granting it an extra turn.
915925	Corporobo MDL-AM	-	AAAAAA==
915926	Corporobo MDL-DM	-	Corporobo MDL-DM will use Performance Evaluation on the Shadow with the lowest Attack	 increasing its Attack	 and promoting it to a Corporobo MDL-AM after 2 turns.
915927	Corporobo MDL-GM	-	Corporobo MDL-GM uses skills to buff and heal Shadows.
915928	Corporobo MDL-ED	-	Corporobo MDL-ED will use Team-Building Exercise to drain all other Shadows' HP to strengthen itself.
915929	Avidya	-	1. Avidya cannot be targeted in the first phase of battle	 and will continuously summon Corporobos to fight. After a certain number of Corporobos have been defeated	 Avidya will move to the second phase.
2. Avidya cannot be targeted in the second phase of battle	 and will summon a team of powerful Corporobos to fight. When all of the Corporobos have been defeated	 Avidya will move to the third phase	 where he can be targeted and will not use any skills.
3. During the battle	 Avidya will use Selfless Devotion on randomly selected Corporobos	 who will self-destruct after 2 turns	 dealing heavy damage to the Phantom Thieves.
915931	Avidya	-	1. Avidya cannot be targeted in the first phase of battle	 and will continuously summon Corporobos to fight. After a certain number of Corporobos have been defeated	 Avidya will move to the second phase.
2. Avidya cannot be targeted in the second phase of battle	 and will summon a team of powerful Corporobos to fight. When all of the Corporobos have been defeated	 Avidya will move to the third phase	 where he can be targeted and will not use any skills.
3. During the battle	 Avidya will use Selfless Devotion on randomly selected Corporobos	 who will self-destruct after 2 turns	 dealing heavy damage to the Phantom Thieves.
915932	Avidya	-	1. Avidya cannot be targeted in the first phase of battle	 and will continuously summon Corporobos to fight. After a certain number of Corporobos have been defeated	 Avidya will move to the second phase.
2. Avidya cannot be targeted in the second phase of battle	 and will summon a team of powerful Corporobos to fight. When all of the Corporobos have been defeated	 Avidya will move to the third phase	 where he can be targeted and will not use any skills.
3. During the battle	 Avidya will use Selfless Devotion on randomly selected Corporobos	 who will self-destruct after 2 turns	 dealing heavy damage to the Phantom Thieves.
915933	Corporobo MDL-WKR	-	AAAAAA==
915934	Corporobo MDL-CH	-	Corporobo MDL-CH will use Overtime Order on the Shadow with the highest Attack	 granting it an extra turn.
915935	Corporobo MDL-AM	-	AAAAAA==
915936	Corporobo MDL-DM	-	Corporobo MDL-DM will use Performance Evaluation on the Shadow with the lowest Attack	 increasing its Attack	 and promoting it to a Corporobo MDL-AM after 2 turns.
915937	Corporobo MDL-GM	-	Corporobo MDL-GM uses skills to buff and heal Shadows.
915938	Corporobo MDL-ED	-	Corporobo MDL-ED will use Team-Building Exercise to drain all other Shadows' HP to strengthen itself.
915939	Avidya	-	1. Avidya cannot be targeted in the first phase of battle	 and will continuously summon Corporobos to fight. After a certain number of Corporobos have been defeated	 Avidya will move to the second phase.
2. Avidya cannot be targeted in the second phase of battle	 and will summon a team of powerful Corporobos to fight. When all of the Corporobos have been defeated	 Avidya will move to the third phase	 where he can be targeted and will not use any skills.
3. During the battle	 Avidya will use Selfless Devotion on randomly selected Corporobos	 who will self-destruct after 2 turns	 dealing heavy damage to the Phantom Thieves.
915941	Avidya	-	1. Avidya cannot be targeted in the first phase of battle	 and will continuously summon Corporobos to fight. After a certain number of Corporobos have been defeated	 Avidya will move to the second phase.
2. Avidya cannot be targeted in the second phase of battle	 and will summon a team of powerful Corporobos to fight. When all of the Corporobos have been defeated	 Avidya will move to the third phase	 where he can be targeted and will not use any skills.
3. During the battle	 Avidya will use Selfless Devotion on randomly selected Corporobos	 who will self-destruct after 2 turns	 dealing heavy damage to the Phantom Thieves.
915942	Avidya	-	1. Avidya cannot be targeted in the first phase of battle	 and will continuously summon Corporobos to fight. After a certain number of Corporobos have been defeated	 Avidya will move to the second phase.
2. Avidya cannot be targeted in the second phase of battle	 and will summon a team of powerful Corporobos to fight. When all of the Corporobos have been defeated	 Avidya will move to the third phase	 where he can be targeted and will not use any skills.
3. During the battle	 Avidya will use Selfless Devotion on randomly selected Corporobos	 who will self-destruct after 2 turns	 dealing heavy damage to the Phantom Thieves.
915943	Corporobo MDL-WKR	-	AAAAAA==
915944	Corporobo MDL-CH	-	Corporobo MDL-CH will use Overtime Order on the Shadow with the highest Attack	 granting it an extra turn.
915945	Corporobo MDL-AM	-	AAAAAA==
915946	Corporobo MDL-DM	-	Corporobo MDL-DM will use Performance Evaluation on the Shadow with the lowest Attack	 increasing its Attack	 and promoting it to a Corporobo MDL-AM after 2 turns.
915947	Corporobo MDL-GM	-	Corporobo MDL-GM uses skills to buff and heal Shadows.
915948	Corporobo MDL-ED	-	Corporobo MDL-ED will use Team-Building Exercise to drain all other Shadows' HP to strengthen itself.
915949	Avidya	-	1. Avidya cannot be targeted in the first phase of battle	 and will continuously summon Corporobos to fight. After a certain number of Corporobos have been defeated	 Avidya will move to the second phase.
2. Avidya cannot be targeted in the second phase of battle	 and will summon a team of powerful Corporobos to fight. When all of the Corporobos have been defeated	 Avidya will move to the third phase	 where he can be targeted and will not use any skills.
3. During the battle	 Avidya will use Selfless Devotion on randomly selected Corporobos	 who will self-destruct after 2 turns	 dealing heavy damage to the Phantom Thieves.
915951	Avidya	-	1. Avidya cannot be targeted in the first phase of battle	 and will continuously summon Corporobos to fight. After a certain number of Corporobos have been defeated	 Avidya will move to the second phase.
2. Avidya cannot be targeted in the second phase of battle	 and will summon a team of powerful Corporobos to fight. When all of the Corporobos have been defeated	 Avidya will move to the third phase	 where he can be targeted and will not use any skills.
3. During the battle	 Avidya will use Selfless Devotion on randomly selected Corporobos	 who will self-destruct after 2 turns	 dealing heavy damage to the Phantom Thieves.
915952	Avidya	-	1. Avidya cannot be targeted in the first phase of battle	 and will continuously summon Corporobos to fight. After a certain number of Corporobos have been defeated	 Avidya will move to the second phase.
2. Avidya cannot be targeted in the second phase of battle	 and will summon a team of powerful Corporobos to fight. When all of the Corporobos have been defeated	 Avidya will move to the third phase	 where he can be targeted and will not use any skills.
3. During the battle	 Avidya will use Selfless Devotion on randomly selected Corporobos	 who will self-destruct after 2 turns	 dealing heavy damage to the Phantom Thieves.
915953	Corporobo MDL-WKR	-	AAAAAA==
915954	Corporobo MDL-CH	-	Corporobo MDL-CH will use Overtime Order on the Shadow with the highest Attack	 granting it an extra turn.
915955	Corporobo MDL-AM	-	AAAAAA==
915956	Corporobo MDL-DM	-	Corporobo MDL-DM will use Performance Evaluation on the Shadow with the lowest Attack	 increasing its Attack	 and promoting it to a Corporobo MDL-AM after 2 turns.
915957	Corporobo MDL-GM	-	Corporobo MDL-GM uses skills to buff and heal Shadows.
915958	Corporobo MDL-ED	-	Corporobo MDL-ED will use Team-Building Exercise to drain all other Shadows' HP to strengthen itself.
915959	Avidya	-	1. Avidya cannot be targeted in the first phase of battle	 and will continuously summon Corporobos to fight. After a certain number of Corporobos have been defeated	 Avidya will move to the second phase.
2. Avidya cannot be targeted in the second phase of battle	 and will summon a team of powerful Corporobos to fight. When all of the Corporobos have been defeated	 Avidya will move to the third phase	 where he can be targeted and will not use any skills.
3. During the battle	 Avidya will use Selfless Devotion on randomly selected Corporobos	 who will self-destruct after 2 turns	 dealing heavy damage to the Phantom Thieves.
915961	Avidya	-	1. Avidya cannot be targeted in the first phase of battle	 and will continuously summon Corporobos to fight. After a certain number of Corporobos have been defeated	 Avidya will move to the second phase.
2. Avidya cannot be targeted in the second phase of battle	 and will summon a team of powerful Corporobos to fight. When all of the Corporobos have been defeated	 Avidya will move to the third phase	 where he can be targeted and will not use any skills.
3. During the battle	 Avidya will use Selfless Devotion on randomly selected Corporobos	 who will self-destruct after 2 turns	 dealing heavy damage to the Phantom Thieves.
915962	Avidya	-	1. Avidya cannot be targeted in the first phase of battle	 and will continuously summon Corporobos to fight. After a certain number of Corporobos have been defeated	 Avidya will move to the second phase.
2. Avidya cannot be targeted in the second phase of battle	 and will summon a team of powerful Corporobos to fight. When all of the Corporobos have been defeated	 Avidya will move to the third phase	 where he can be targeted and will not use any skills.
3. During the battle	 Avidya will use Selfless Devotion on randomly selected Corporobos	 who will self-destruct after 2 turns	 dealing heavy damage to the Phantom Thieves.
915963	Corporobo MDL-WKR	-	AAAAAA==
915964	Corporobo MDL-CH	-	Corporobo MDL-CH will use Overtime Order on the Shadow with the highest Attack	 granting it an extra turn.
915965	Corporobo MDL-AM	-	AAAAAA==
915966	Corporobo MDL-DM	-	Corporobo MDL-DM will use Performance Evaluation on the Shadow with the lowest Attack	 increasing its Attack	 and promoting it to a Corporobo MDL-AM after 2 turns.
915967	Corporobo MDL-GM	-	Corporobo MDL-GM uses skills to buff and heal Shadows.
915968	Corporobo MDL-ED	-	Corporobo MDL-ED will use Team-Building Exercise to drain all other Shadows' HP to strengthen itself.
915969	Avidya	-	1. Avidya cannot be targeted in the first phase of battle	 and will continuously summon Corporobos to fight. After a certain number of Corporobos have been defeated	 Avidya will move to the second phase.
2. Avidya cannot be targeted in the second phase of battle	 and will summon a team of powerful Corporobos to fight. When all of the Corporobos have been defeated	 Avidya will move to the third phase	 where he can be targeted and will not use any skills.
3. During the battle	 Avidya will use Selfless Devotion on randomly selected Corporobos	 who will self-destruct after 2 turns	 dealing heavy damage to the Phantom Thieves.
915011	Arahabaki	A mysterious god of ancient Japan. Most famously worshipped by Nagasunehiko	 who was defeated in battle against Emperor Jinmu	 Arahabaki came to be treated as a symbol of rebellion and defiance.	AAAAAA==
915021	Belphegor	Demonic governor of the deadly sin of sloth. He also excels at invention and discovery. May be derived from Ba'al Pe'or	 Syrian god of abundant crops.	AAAAAA==
915022	Black Ooze	A mass of malevolent intent and emotion that failed to become a true demon. All it does is eat	 prey	 and grow.	AAAAAA==
915023	Black Ooze	A mass of malevolent intent and emotion that failed to become a true demon. All it does is eat	 prey	 and grow.	AAAAAA==
915031	Girimehkala	A giant elephant monster of Sri Lankan myth	 it is typically portrayed as being ridden by the Evil One	 Mara. Whoever looks into its evil eye is said to be met with misfortune.	AAAAAA==
915032	Kaiwan	A god in Assyrian legend	 his name is interchangeable with Sakkut	 another incarnation of the star-god	 Saturn.	AAAAAA==
915033	Kaiwan	A god in Assyrian legend	 his name is interchangeable with Sakkut	 another incarnation of the star-god	 Saturn.	AAAAAA==
915041	Corporobo MDL-WKR	-	AAAAAA==
915042	Corporobo MDL-WKR	-	AAAAAA==
915043	Corporobo MDL-WKR	-	AAAAAA==
915044	Corporobo MDL-WKR	-	AAAAAA==
915051	Corporobo MDL-AM	-	AAAAAA==
915052	Corporobo MDL-DM	-	AAAAAA==
915061	Corporobo MDL-GM	-	AAAAAA==
915062	Corporobo MDL-WKR	-	AAAAAA==
915063	Corporobo MDL-WKR	-	AAAAAA==
915064	Corporobo MDL-WKR	-	AAAAAA==
915065	Corporobo MDL-WKR	-	AAAAAA==
915081	Scathach	A warrior woman of the Land of Shadows in Celtic lore. She taught the hero	 Cu Chulainn	 the art of war and gave him the spear	 Gae Bolg.	AAAAAA==
915082	Mithras	A sun deity who was worshipped in the Roman Empire from the 1st to the 4th century AD. He was said to be reborn after death	 and a festival was held on the winter solstice for him.	AAAAAA==
915083	Mithras	A sun deity who was worshipped in the Roman Empire from the 1st to the 4th century AD. He was said to be reborn after death	 and a festival was held on the winter solstice for him.	AAAAAA==
915071	Corporobo MDL-GM	-	AAAAAA==
915072	Corporobo MDL-DM	-	AAAAAA==
915073	Corporobo MDL-WKR	-	AAAAAA==
915074	Corporobo MDL-WKR	-	AAAAAA==
915211	Mithras	A sun deity who was worshipped in the Roman Empire from the 1st to the 4th century AD. He was said to be reborn after death	 and a festival was held on the winter solstice for him.	AAAAAA==
915212	Mithras	A sun deity who was worshipped in the Roman Empire from the 1st to the 4th century AD. He was said to be reborn after death	 and a festival was held on the winter solstice for him.	AAAAAA==
915221	Corporobo MDL-WKR	-	AAAAAA==
915231	Corporobo MDL-AM	-	AAAAAA==
915232	Corporobo MDL-WKR	-	AAAAAA==
915233	Corporobo MDL-WKR	-	AAAAAA==
915241	Lilim	A demon who tempts sleeping men and attacks infants. She is the daughter of the demoness	 Lilith. Like her mother	 she drains men of their essence.	AAAAAA==
915242	Lilim	A demon who tempts sleeping men and attacks infants. She is the daughter of the demoness	 Lilith. Like her mother	 she drains men of their essence.	AAAAAA==
915243	Mothman	A cryptid sighted during the 60s-80s in West Virginia. It has shining red eyes and is named for the fin-like appendages on its sides. It uses its keen sense for blood to track down the source and feed on it.	AAAAAA==
915244	Mothman	A cryptid sighted during the 60s-80s in West Virginia. It has shining red eyes and is named for the fin-like appendages on its sides. It uses its keen sense for blood to track down the source and feed on it.	AAAAAA==
915311	Arahabaki	A mysterious god of ancient Japan. Most famously worshipped by Nagasunehiko	 who was defeated in battle against Emperor Jinmu	 Arahabaki came to be treated as a symbol of rebellion and defiance.	AAAAAA==
915312	Mothman	A cryptid sighted during the 60s-80s in West Virginia. It has shining red eyes and is named for the fin-like appendages on its sides. It uses its keen sense for blood to track down the source and feed on it.	AAAAAA==
915313	Mothman	A cryptid sighted during the 60s-80s in West Virginia. It has shining red eyes and is named for the fin-like appendages on its sides. It uses its keen sense for blood to track down the source and feed on it.	AAAAAA==
915321	Belphegor	Demonic governor of the deadly sin of sloth. He also excels at invention and discovery. May be derived from Ba'al Pe'or	 Syrian god of abundant crops.	AAAAAA==
915322	Black Ooze	A mass of malevolent intent and emotion that failed to become a true demon. All it does is eat	 prey	 and grow.	AAAAAA==
915323	Black Ooze	A mass of malevolent intent and emotion that failed to become a true demon. All it does is eat	 prey	 and grow.	AAAAAA==
915331	Girimehkala	A giant elephant monster of Sri Lankan myth	 it is typically portrayed as being ridden by the Evil One	 Mara. Whoever looks into its evil eye is said to be met with misfortune.	AAAAAA==
915332	Mithras	A sun deity who was worshipped in the Roman Empire from the 1st to the 4th century AD. He was said to be reborn after death	 and a festival was held on the winter solstice for him.	AAAAAA==
915333	Mithras	A sun deity who was worshipped in the Roman Empire from the 1st to the 4th century AD. He was said to be reborn after death	 and a festival was held on the winter solstice for him.	AAAAAA==
915341	Scathach	A warrior woman of the Land of Shadows in Celtic lore. She taught the hero	 Cu Chulainn	 the art of war and gave him the spear	 Gae Bolg.	AAAAAA==
915342	Lilim	A demon who tempts sleeping men and attacks infants. She is the daughter of the demoness	 Lilith. Like her mother	 she drains men of their essence.	AAAAAA==
915343	Lilim	A demon who tempts sleeping men and attacks infants. She is the daughter of the demoness	 Lilith. Like her mother	 she drains men of their essence.	AAAAAA==
915511	Black Ooze	A mass of malevolent intent and emotion that failed to become a true demon. All it does is eat	 prey	 and grow.	AAAAAA==
915512	Black Ooze	A mass of malevolent intent and emotion that failed to become a true demon. All it does is eat	 prey	 and grow.	AAAAAA==
915513	Black Ooze	A mass of malevolent intent and emotion that failed to become a true demon. All it does is eat	 prey	 and grow.	AAAAAA==
915514	Black Ooze	A mass of malevolent intent and emotion that failed to become a true demon. All it does is eat	 prey	 and grow.	AAAAAA==
915521	Decarabia	One of the 72 demons of the Goetia	 this demon appears as a pentacle. Keeper of jewels and herbal lore	 Decarabia is said to have the ability to shape-shift at will.	1. When Decarabia is defeated	 Mara will lose a certain amount of HP.
2. When in a weakened state	 the damage inflicted on Decarabia will be added to your score.
915522	Decarabia	One of the 72 demons of the Goetia	 this demon appears as a pentacle. Keeper of jewels and herbal lore	 Decarabia is said to have the ability to shape-shift at will.	1. When Decarabia is defeated	 Mara will lose a certain amount of HP.
2. When in a weakened state	 the damage inflicted on Decarabia will be added to your score.
915531	Lilim	A demon who tempts sleeping men and attacks infants. She is the daughter of the demoness	 Lilith. Like her mother	 she drains men of their essence.	AAAAAA==
915532	Lilim	A demon who tempts sleeping men and attacks infants. She is the daughter of the demoness	 Lilith. Like her mother	 she drains men of their essence.	AAAAAA==
915533	Mothman	A cryptid sighted during the 60s-80s in West Virginia. It has shining red eyes and is named for the fin-like appendages on its sides. It uses its keen sense for blood to track down the source and feed on it.	AAAAAA==
915534	Mothman	A cryptid sighted during the 60s-80s in West Virginia. It has shining red eyes and is named for the fin-like appendages on its sides. It uses its keen sense for blood to track down the source and feed on it.	AAAAAA==
915541	Arahabaki	A mysterious god of ancient Japan. Most famously worshipped by Nagasunehiko	 who was defeated in battle against Emperor Jinmu	 Arahabaki came to be treated as a symbol of rebellion and defiance.	AAAAAA==
915542	Mothman	A cryptid sighted during the 60s-80s in West Virginia. It has shining red eyes and is named for the fin-like appendages on its sides. It uses its keen sense for blood to track down the source and feed on it.	AAAAAA==
915543	Mothman	A cryptid sighted during the 60s-80s in West Virginia. It has shining red eyes and is named for the fin-like appendages on its sides. It uses its keen sense for blood to track down the source and feed on it.	AAAAAA==
915551	Mithras	A sun deity who was worshipped in the Roman Empire from the 1st to the 4th century AD. He was said to be reborn after death	 and a festival was held on the winter solstice for him.	AAAAAA==
915552	Mithras	A sun deity who was worshipped in the Roman Empire from the 1st to the 4th century AD. He was said to be reborn after death	 and a festival was held on the winter solstice for him.	AAAAAA==
915561	Mothman	A cryptid sighted during the 60s-80s in West Virginia. It has shining red eyes and is named for the fin-like appendages on its sides. It uses its keen sense for blood to track down the source and feed on it.	AAAAAA==
915562	Mothman	A cryptid sighted during the 60s-80s in West Virginia. It has shining red eyes and is named for the fin-like appendages on its sides. It uses its keen sense for blood to track down the source and feed on it.	AAAAAA==
915571	Belphegor	Demonic governor of the deadly sin of sloth. He also excels at invention and discovery. May be derived from Ba'al Pe'or	 Syrian god of abundant crops.	AAAAAA==
915572	Black Ooze	A mass of malevolent intent and emotion that failed to become a true demon. All it does is eat	 prey	 and grow.	AAAAAA==
915573	Black Ooze	A mass of malevolent intent and emotion that failed to become a true demon. All it does is eat	 prey	 and grow.	AAAAAA==
915581	Mithras	A sun deity who was worshipped in the Roman Empire from the 1st to the 4th century AD. He was said to be reborn after death	 and a festival was held on the winter solstice for him.	AAAAAA==
915582	Mithras	A sun deity who was worshipped in the Roman Empire from the 1st to the 4th century AD. He was said to be reborn after death	 and a festival was held on the winter solstice for him.	AAAAAA==
915583	Mothman	A cryptid sighted during the 60s-80s in West Virginia. It has shining red eyes and is named for the fin-like appendages on its sides. It uses its keen sense for blood to track down the source and feed on it.	AAAAAA==
915584	Mothman	A cryptid sighted during the 60s-80s in West Virginia. It has shining red eyes and is named for the fin-like appendages on its sides. It uses its keen sense for blood to track down the source and feed on it.	AAAAAA==
915591	Arahabaki	A mysterious god of ancient Japan. Most famously worshipped by Nagasunehiko	 who was defeated in battle against Emperor Jinmu	 Arahabaki came to be treated as a symbol of rebellion and defiance.	AAAAAA==
915592	Kaiwan	A god in Assyrian legend	 his name is interchangeable with Sakkut	 another incarnation of the star-god	 Saturn.	AAAAAA==
915593	Kaiwan	A god in Assyrian legend	 his name is interchangeable with Sakkut	 another incarnation of the star-god	 Saturn.	AAAAAA==
915601	Scathach	A warrior woman of the Land of Shadows in Celtic lore. She taught the hero	 Cu Chulainn	 the art of war and gave him the spear	 Gae Bolg.	AAAAAA==
915602	Mithras	A sun deity who was worshipped in the Roman Empire from the 1st to the 4th century AD. He was said to be reborn after death	 and a festival was held on the winter solstice for him.	AAAAAA==
915603	Mithras	A sun deity who was worshipped in the Roman Empire from the 1st to the 4th century AD. He was said to be reborn after death	 and a festival was held on the winter solstice for him.	AAAAAA==
915611	Girimehkala	A giant elephant monster of Sri Lankan myth	 it is typically portrayed as being ridden by the Evil One	 Mara. Whoever looks into its evil eye is said to be met with misfortune.	AAAAAA==
915612	Black Ooze	A mass of malevolent intent and emotion that failed to become a true demon. All it does is eat	 prey	 and grow.	AAAAAA==
915613	Black Ooze	A mass of malevolent intent and emotion that failed to become a true demon. All it does is eat	 prey	 and grow.	AAAAAA==
915621	Mothman	A cryptid sighted during the 60s-80s in West Virginia. It has shining red eyes and is named for the fin-like appendages on its sides. It uses its keen sense for blood to track down the source and feed on it.	AAAAAA==
915622	Mothman	A cryptid sighted during the 60s-80s in West Virginia. It has shining red eyes and is named for the fin-like appendages on its sides. It uses its keen sense for blood to track down the source and feed on it.	AAAAAA==
915631	Mithras	A sun deity who was worshipped in the Roman Empire from the 1st to the 4th century AD. He was said to be reborn after death	 and a festival was held on the winter solstice for him.	AAAAAA==
915632	Mithras	A sun deity who was worshipped in the Roman Empire from the 1st to the 4th century AD. He was said to be reborn after death	 and a festival was held on the winter solstice for him.	AAAAAA==
915633	Decarabia	One of the 72 demons of the Goetia	 this demon appears as a pentacle. Keeper of jewels and herbal lore	 Decarabia is said to have the ability to shape-shift at will.	1. When Decarabia is defeated	 Mara will lose a certain amount of HP.
2. When in a weakened state	 the damage inflicted on Decarabia will be added to your score.
915634	Decarabia	One of the 72 demons of the Goetia	 this demon appears as a pentacle. Keeper of jewels and herbal lore	 Decarabia is said to have the ability to shape-shift at will.	1. When Decarabia is defeated	 Mara will lose a certain amount of HP.
2. When in a weakened state	 the damage inflicted on Decarabia will be added to your score.
915641	Arahabaki	A mysterious god of ancient Japan. Most famously worshipped by Nagasunehiko	 who was defeated in battle against Emperor Jinmu	 Arahabaki came to be treated as a symbol of rebellion and defiance.	AAAAAA==
915642	Black Ooze	A mass of malevolent intent and emotion that failed to become a true demon. All it does is eat	 prey	 and grow.	AAAAAA==
915643	Black Ooze	A mass of malevolent intent and emotion that failed to become a true demon. All it does is eat	 prey	 and grow.	AAAAAA==
915651	Girimehkala	A giant elephant monster of Sri Lankan myth	 it is typically portrayed as being ridden by the Evil One	 Mara. Whoever looks into its evil eye is said to be met with misfortune.	AAAAAA==
915652	Kaiwan	A god in Assyrian legend	 his name is interchangeable with Sakkut	 another incarnation of the star-god	 Saturn.	AAAAAA==
915653	Kaiwan	A god in Assyrian legend	 his name is interchangeable with Sakkut	 another incarnation of the star-god	 Saturn.	AAAAAA==
915661	Scathach	A warrior woman of the Land of Shadows in Celtic lore. She taught the hero	 Cu Chulainn	 the art of war and gave him the spear	 Gae Bolg.	AAAAAA==
915662	Mothman	A cryptid sighted during the 60s-80s in West Virginia. It has shining red eyes and is named for the fin-like appendages on its sides. It uses its keen sense for blood to track down the source and feed on it.	AAAAAA==
915663	Mothman	A cryptid sighted during the 60s-80s in West Virginia. It has shining red eyes and is named for the fin-like appendages on its sides. It uses its keen sense for blood to track down the source and feed on it.	AAAAAA==
915671	Mithras	A sun deity who was worshipped in the Roman Empire from the 1st to the 4th century AD. He was said to be reborn after death	 and a festival was held on the winter solstice for him.	AAAAAA==
915672	Mithras	A sun deity who was worshipped in the Roman Empire from the 1st to the 4th century AD. He was said to be reborn after death	 and a festival was held on the winter solstice for him.	AAAAAA==
915673	Mothman	A cryptid sighted during the 60s-80s in West Virginia. It has shining red eyes and is named for the fin-like appendages on its sides. It uses its keen sense for blood to track down the source and feed on it.	AAAAAA==
915674	Mothman	A cryptid sighted during the 60s-80s in West Virginia. It has shining red eyes and is named for the fin-like appendages on its sides. It uses its keen sense for blood to track down the source and feed on it.	AAAAAA==
915681	Belphegor	Demonic governor of the deadly sin of sloth. He also excels at invention and discovery. May be derived from Ba'al Pe'or	 Syrian god of abundant crops.	AAAAAA==
915682	Black Ooze	A mass of malevolent intent and emotion that failed to become a true demon. All it does is eat	 prey	 and grow.	AAAAAA==
915683	Black Ooze	A mass of malevolent intent and emotion that failed to become a true demon. All it does is eat	 prey	 and grow.	AAAAAA==
915691	Lilim	A demon who tempts sleeping men and attacks infants. She is the daughter of the demoness	 Lilith. Like her mother	 she drains men of their essence.	AAAAAA==
915692	Lilim	A demon who tempts sleeping men and attacks infants. She is the daughter of the demoness	 Lilith. Like her mother	 she drains men of their essence.	AAAAAA==
915693	Mothman	A cryptid sighted during the 60s-80s in West Virginia. It has shining red eyes and is named for the fin-like appendages on its sides. It uses its keen sense for blood to track down the source and feed on it.	AAAAAA==
915694	Mothman	A cryptid sighted during the 60s-80s in West Virginia. It has shining red eyes and is named for the fin-like appendages on its sides. It uses its keen sense for blood to track down the source and feed on it.	AAAAAA==
915701	Decarabia	One of the 72 demons of the Goetia	 this demon appears as a pentacle. Keeper of jewels and herbal lore	 Decarabia is said to have the ability to shape-shift at will.	1. When Decarabia is defeated	 Mara will lose a certain amount of HP.
2. When in a weakened state	 the damage inflicted on Decarabia will be added to your score.
915702	Decarabia	One of the 72 demons of the Goetia	 this demon appears as a pentacle. Keeper of jewels and herbal lore	 Decarabia is said to have the ability to shape-shift at will.	1. When Decarabia is defeated	 Mara will lose a certain amount of HP.
2. When in a weakened state	 the damage inflicted on Decarabia will be added to your score.
915711	Scathach	A warrior woman of the Land of Shadows in Celtic lore. She taught the hero	 Cu Chulainn	 the art of war and gave him the spear	 Gae Bolg.	AAAAAA==
915712	Kaiwan	A god in Assyrian legend	 his name is interchangeable with Sakkut	 another incarnation of the star-god	 Saturn.	AAAAAA==
915713	Kaiwan	A god in Assyrian legend	 his name is interchangeable with Sakkut	 another incarnation of the star-god	 Saturn.	AAAAAA==
915721	Mithras	A sun deity who was worshipped in the Roman Empire from the 1st to the 4th century AD. He was said to be reborn after death	 and a festival was held on the winter solstice for him.	AAAAAA==
915722	Mithras	A sun deity who was worshipped in the Roman Empire from the 1st to the 4th century AD. He was said to be reborn after death	 and a festival was held on the winter solstice for him.	AAAAAA==
915731	Mithras	A sun deity who was worshipped in the Roman Empire from the 1st to the 4th century AD. He was said to be reborn after death	 and a festival was held on the winter solstice for him.	AAAAAA==
915732	Mithras	A sun deity who was worshipped in the Roman Empire from the 1st to the 4th century AD. He was said to be reborn after death	 and a festival was held on the winter solstice for him.	AAAAAA==
915733	Decarabia	One of the 72 demons of the Goetia	 this demon appears as a pentacle. Keeper of jewels and herbal lore	 Decarabia is said to have the ability to shape-shift at will.	1. When Decarabia is defeated	 Mara will lose a certain amount of HP.
2. When in a weakened state	 the damage inflicted on Decarabia will be added to your score.
915734	Decarabia	One of the 72 demons of the Goetia	 this demon appears as a pentacle. Keeper of jewels and herbal lore	 Decarabia is said to have the ability to shape-shift at will.	1. When Decarabia is defeated	 Mara will lose a certain amount of HP.
2. When in a weakened state	 the damage inflicted on Decarabia will be added to your score.
915741	Arahabaki	A mysterious god of ancient Japan. Most famously worshipped by Nagasunehiko	 who was defeated in battle against Emperor Jinmu	 Arahabaki came to be treated as a symbol of rebellion and defiance.	AAAAAA==
915742	Kaiwan	A god in Assyrian legend	 his name is interchangeable with Sakkut	 another incarnation of the star-god	 Saturn.	AAAAAA==
915743	Kaiwan	A god in Assyrian legend	 his name is interchangeable with Sakkut	 another incarnation of the star-god	 Saturn.	AAAAAA==
915751	Black Ooze	A mass of malevolent intent and emotion that failed to become a true demon. All it does is eat	 prey	 and grow.	AAAAAA==
915752	Black Ooze	A mass of malevolent intent and emotion that failed to become a true demon. All it does is eat	 prey	 and grow.	AAAAAA==
915753	Black Ooze	A mass of malevolent intent and emotion that failed to become a true demon. All it does is eat	 prey	 and grow.	AAAAAA==
915754	Black Ooze	A mass of malevolent intent and emotion that failed to become a true demon. All it does is eat	 prey	 and grow.	AAAAAA==
915761	Girimehkala	A giant elephant monster of Sri Lankan myth	 it is typically portrayed as being ridden by the Evil One	 Mara. Whoever looks into its evil eye is said to be met with misfortune.	AAAAAA==
915762	Kaiwan	A god in Assyrian legend	 his name is interchangeable with Sakkut	 another incarnation of the star-god	 Saturn.	AAAAAA==
915763	Kaiwan	A god in Assyrian legend	 his name is interchangeable with Sakkut	 another incarnation of the star-god	 Saturn.	AAAAAA==
915771	Scathach	A warrior woman of the Land of Shadows in Celtic lore. She taught the hero	 Cu Chulainn	 the art of war and gave him the spear	 Gae Bolg.	AAAAAA==
915772	Mothman	A cryptid sighted during the 60s-80s in West Virginia. It has shining red eyes and is named for the fin-like appendages on its sides. It uses its keen sense for blood to track down the source and feed on it.	AAAAAA==
915773	Mothman	A cryptid sighted during the 60s-80s in West Virginia. It has shining red eyes and is named for the fin-like appendages on its sides. It uses its keen sense for blood to track down the source and feed on it.	AAAAAA==
915781	Belphegor	Demonic governor of the deadly sin of sloth. He also excels at invention and discovery. May be derived from Ba'al Pe'or	 Syrian god of abundant crops.	AAAAAA==
915782	Black Ooze	A mass of malevolent intent and emotion that failed to become a true demon. All it does is eat	 prey	 and grow.	AAAAAA==
915783	Black Ooze	A mass of malevolent intent and emotion that failed to become a true demon. All it does is eat	 prey	 and grow.	AAAAAA==
915791	Kaiwan	A god in Assyrian legend	 his name is interchangeable with Sakkut	 another incarnation of the star-god	 Saturn.	AAAAAA==
915792	Kaiwan	A god in Assyrian legend	 his name is interchangeable with Sakkut	 another incarnation of the star-god	 Saturn.	AAAAAA==
915793	Black Ooze	A mass of malevolent intent and emotion that failed to become a true demon. All it does is eat	 prey	 and grow.	AAAAAA==
915794	Black Ooze	A mass of malevolent intent and emotion that failed to become a true demon. All it does is eat	 prey	 and grow.	AAAAAA==
915801	Mithras	A sun deity who was worshipped in the Roman Empire from the 1st to the 4th century AD. He was said to be reborn after death	 and a festival was held on the winter solstice for him.	AAAAAA==
915802	Mithras	A sun deity who was worshipped in the Roman Empire from the 1st to the 4th century AD. He was said to be reborn after death	 and a festival was held on the winter solstice for him.	AAAAAA==
915803	Decarabia	One of the 72 demons of the Goetia	 this demon appears as a pentacle. Keeper of jewels and herbal lore	 Decarabia is said to have the ability to shape-shift at will.	1. When Decarabia is defeated	 Mara will lose a certain amount of HP.
2. When in a weakened state	 the damage inflicted on Decarabia will be added to your score.
915804	Decarabia	One of the 72 demons of the Goetia	 this demon appears as a pentacle. Keeper of jewels and herbal lore	 Decarabia is said to have the ability to shape-shift at will.	1. When Decarabia is defeated	 Mara will lose a certain amount of HP.
2. When in a weakened state	 the damage inflicted on Decarabia will be added to your score.
915811	Scathach	A warrior woman of the Land of Shadows in Celtic lore. She taught the hero	 Cu Chulainn	 the art of war and gave him the spear	 Gae Bolg.	AAAAAA==
915812	Kaiwan	A god in Assyrian legend	 his name is interchangeable with Sakkut	 another incarnation of the star-god	 Saturn.	AAAAAA==
915813	Kaiwan	A god in Assyrian legend	 his name is interchangeable with Sakkut	 another incarnation of the star-god	 Saturn.	AAAAAA==
2019	AAAAAA==	Error: tnxotb-[GuaiWu_desc_2019]	AAAAAA==
2020	AAAAAA==	Error: tnxotb-[GuaiWu_desc_2020]	AAAAAA==
2021	AAAAAA==	Error: tnxotb-[GuaiWu_desc_2021]	AAAAAA==
2022	AAAAAA==	Error: tnxotb-[GuaiWu_desc_2022]	AAAAAA==
2030	AAAAAA==	No Details	AAAAAA==
112	AAAAAA==	A bluish-tinged diamond that Napoleon Bonaparte had mounted to the pommel of his sword. It was named after the French Regent Philippe II	 Duke of Orleans	 who had purchased it in 1717.	AAAAAA==
113	AAAAAA==	The diamond necklace that Jeanne de la Motte swindled from jewelers in 1785 by claiming it was on behalf of the Queen of France	 Marie Antoinette.	AAAAAA==
114	AAAAAA==	Also known as the Stone of Destiny	it is a stone used in the coronations of Scotland's monarchs. Legends say the stone is linked to angels.	AAAAAA==
115	AAAAAA==	Once called the world's largest diamond	 it was cut when it came to the British royal family. It is said to bring bad luck to any man who wears it	 so only the females have ever adorned it.	AAAAAA==
116	AAAAAA==	A diamond stolen from a Hindu temple that is said to drive its owner to their death. It was cut into smaller pieces in an attempt to break the curse.	AAAAAA==
117	AAAAAA==	Also known as Charlemagne's talisman	 it is said to make its owner an emperor. In between the two gems is a piece of Jesus' cross and a hair of the Virgin Mary.	AAAAAA==
118	AAAAAA==	Unlike its name suggests	 the Hope Diamond is a cursed jewel that brings ruin from one owner to the next. A few supposed victims include King Louis XVI and his wife	 Marie Antoinette.	AAAAAA==
119	AAAAAA==	An ancient Out-Of-Place-Artifact found in Central and South America. It is said that if you collect 13 of them in one spot	 the truth of the universe will be revealed.	AAAAAA==
914503	AAAAAA==	-	AAAAAA==
