sn	name	desc
101	Thief Details	Faithful servant to the master of the Velvet Room	 Igor. As part of her master's orders	 she acts as {NAME2}'s personal concierge to oversee the strengthening of his desire	 and offers support to the Phantom Thieves from the sidelines.
102	Info 1	Under orders from Igor	 Merope is tasked with finding a way to support {NAME2} in the real world. A chance encounter leads to her arriving upon a rather unconventional solution...
103	Info 2	As {NAME2}'s concierge	 Merope must come up with an effective way to support him. She proposes a special contract	 through which she hopes to better understand him.
104	Info 3	Merope believes that harnessing multiple Personas is not unlike the many faces that idols must wear. Thus	 she insists that {NAME2} must study the path of the idol.
105	Info 4	At Merope's enthusiastic behest	 {NAME2} replicates the poses of an idol. Upon doing so	 Merope is convinced of his potential.
106	Info 5	Merope invites {NAME2} out to Akihabara	 the holy land of idols	 under the pretense that he will be able to study idols more closely there.
107	Info 6	Merope sees a glimmer of potential in Narumi Nashimoto	 an indie idol she encounters in Akihabara	 and suggests paying a visit to the concept café Narumi works at—purely for the sake of studying idols	 of course.
108	Info 7	So {NAME2} and Merope can get the full concept café experience	 they go and attend Narumi's photo shoot—at first to study idols	 but...
109	Info 8	As Merope grows acquainted with Narumi	 she learns of the corrupt producer exploiting the idols of the café...
110	Info 9	Merope pays another visit to Narumi's café and is pleased to see that the producer has had a complete change of heart. With Narumi back to her cheerful self and working happily again	 she gives Merope a special gift...
111	Info 10	Merope and {NAME2} prepare diligently for the fan appreciation event. As she observes {NAME2}'s idol cheer	 something stirs within Merope...
201	Thief Details	A second-year high school student at Kokatsu Academy	 and {NAME2}'s classmate. She is skilled at sports	 and very popular at school. However	 she tends to rely more on intuition than logic	 so her grades aren't exactly the greatest.
202	Info 1	Motoha has realized that she's not as fit as she used to be when she was playing baseball. So in order to prepare for their Phantom Thief activities	 she decides to start training again	 and asks {NAME2} to be her coach.
203	Info 2	Ever since Kiuchi retired from baseball	 Motoha has been neglecting her batting practice. Hoping to pull herself out of her slump	 she heads to the batting cages in Yongen-Jaya.
204	Info 3	Motoha and {NAME2} head to the sports gym in Shibuya as part of her training. As the two of them work up a sweat	 Motoha mentions that she's in a better mood than before.
205	Info 4	{NAME2} accompanies Motoha to the diner in Shibuya as she indulges herself on her cheat day	 in preparation for tomorrow's training.
206	Info 5	With some quality training under her belt	 Motoha makes her return to the batting cages	 where she encounters Tamayo Yoshida	 an old rival from her baseball days. Tamayo challenges Motoha to a batting contest.
207	Info 6	Motoha starts an intense training regimen at the batting cages to prepare for her match with Tamayo. She strives to not stop training until she gets the results she needs to win.
208	Info 7	Tamayo has a word with {NAME2} at the batting cages. She tells him that she couldn't understand why Motoha quit baseball so suddenly	 and challenged her to the batting contest in hopes of finding out the truth.
209	Info 8	With Motoha forcing herself to train non-stop	 {NAME2} invites her to the diner to give her a break. After calming down	 she rediscovers the purpose of her training	 and gains newfound determination.
210	Info 9	Despite having no hope of victory	 Motoha fights hard but is ultimately defeated in her contest with Tamayo. After witnessing her strong will and attitude at play	 Tamayo finally accepts Motoha's decision to quit baseball.
211	Info 10	Motoha invites {NAME2} out to Odaiba Seaside Park	 a place full of memories for her. Finally able to move on from her contest with Tamayo	 Motoha faces the future with greater ambition than ever before.
301	Thief Details	A third-year high school student at Kokatsu Academy	 she is the talented and beautiful chair of the disciplinary committee. Her father owns Umetane	 a corporation that operates several food businesses nationwide	 and as his potential successor	 she is undergoing rigorous training.
302	Info 1	Riko invites {NAME2} out to a buffet in Shibuya	 where she asks for his assistance in discovering her true self	 beyond the values imposed upon her by her upbringing.
303	Info 2	Challenging herself to do something she'd never normally do	 Riko goes on a taste-testing tour of Chinatown. During her outing	 she overhears a surprising conversation about her strict father.
304	Info 3	Riko speaks of a past incident related to the conversation she overheard at Chinatown	 revealing why she felt her only purpose was to meet the expectations of those around her.
305	Info 4	Digging into her childhood for clues	 Riko tries to find what it is that she truly wants to do. On the way home from a trip to the aquarium with Motoha	 she is surprised to see a certain somebody.
306	Info 5	The person she happened to see the other day was her father's former secretary	 who used to show her such kindness when she was young. Harboring a mixture of doubt and regret as to why she disappeared so suddenly	 Riko decides to investigate what happened all those years ago.
307	Info 6	Riko tracks down where the former secretary currently works	 and goes to meet her. It's a hospital with ties to Umetane. There	 Riko meets the director of the hospital	 who she knew when she was younger.
308	Info 7	Speaking with the former secretary	 Riko is able to confront the burden of needing to meet the expectations of those around her. The director of the hospital advises that Riko speak to her father herself.
309	Info 8	Riko confesses her dream of becoming a teacher to her father. To her surprise	 rather than firmly oppose her desire	 he hands her a memory stick that belonged to her mother.
310	Info 9	On the memory stick is a video message left by her mother. Riko struggles to fight back the tears as she watches it	 finally understanding her parents' love for her.
311	Info 10	Riko realizes that there was never any pressure for her to meet others' expectations. Rather than rush her decision to become a teacher or the successor of Umetane	 she chooses to take her time and walk her own path.
401	Thief Details	A mysterious creature that resembles an owl and can communicate with humans. He has a calm disposition	 but his antiquated vocabulary tends to confuse those around him. Nestled comfortably in {NAME2}'s bag	 he is a reliable companion that offers helpful advice.
402	Info 1	Lufel is a wealth of knowledge when it comes to the Metaverse	 always giving useful advice to {NAME2}. However	 he has lost part of his memory and does not know who he is. For some reason	 he seems to have a powerful fixation with the concept of desire.
403	Info 2	Lufel has the ability to transform into a car and drive {NAME2} and co. around Mementos. According to him	 the concept of "animals turning into vehicles" is a cognition firmly established in Mementos	 but the details are unclear.
404	Info 3	Lufel	 with his strange fixation on desire	 witnesses the protagonist undergo a startling transformation...
405	Info 4	{NAME2}	 with his powers now awakened	 stands with Lufel at his side. As a bond of friendship forms between them	 what will fate have in store for these unlikely comrades...?
501	Thief Details	A second-year student at Kokatsu Academy from class 2-D	 next to {NAME2}'s classroom. While a compassionate guy	 his awkwardness and poor social skills keep him from having many friends his age	 so he spends his time alone more often than not.
502	Info 1	After his confrontation with Miyazawa	 Shun sets his focus on his dream of owning his own ramen shop in the future. He begins his search for his ideal ramen flavor	 and asks {NAME2} to help him find it.
503	Info 2	In his search for the ideal flavor	 Shun picks out a monjayaki shop in Tsukishima. The ramen on their side menu uses the same dashi as the monjayaki	 leaving Shun deeply moved by the flavor.
504	Info 3	Taking an interest in both the cooking and managing side of business	 Shun decides to try soupless tantanmen from a takeout spot. He's impressed by all the consideration they put into ensuring it stays tasty for a long while.
505	Info 4	While eating a special curry ramen set at a ramen shop in Ogikubo	 Shun is astounded by the uncompromising effort that went into the harmony of the dish	 and recalls some memories from his childhood.
506	Info 5	Shun heads to a diner that's running a collab menu with a famous ramen shop. There	 he meets prestigious food consultant Takumi Serizawa	 who invites him to enter her upcoming contest to create a new ramen dish.
507	Info 6	Shun has come up with the novel concept of a ramenburger to present at the contest. He asks {NAME2} to taste-test it	 and uses his feedback to further refine it.
508	Info 7	Shun presents his carefully perfected ramenburger to Serizawa	 but unfortunately it wasn't what she was looking for. Rather than come up with an outlandish idea	 she advises him to give an entry that shows what he's learned.
509	Info 8	Having hit a brick wall trying to come up with a dish for the contest	 Shun heads to Heritage Kitchen to take a break. There	 he learns that Pops adjusts his fried rice based on the customer's mood	 giving him a new idea for his dish...
510	Info 9	Inspired by Heritage Kitchen's fried rice	 Shun comes up with a ramen that can be customized to suit the customer	 and earns Serizawa's approval to enter it in the contest.
511	Info 10	As thanks for helping him prepare for the contest	 Shun treats {NAME2} to a bowl of ramen that he made with him in mind. This is just the beginning of Shun's search for his ideal flavor...
601	Thief Details	A first-year student at Kokatsu Academy. Deeply immersed in a world of fantasy	 he is the self-proclaimed "Chosen One". He claims to possess otherworldly powers	 but this has left him with few friends and a life of solitude.
602	Info 1	While paying a visit to the library	 {NAME2} is approached by Kurotani	 who deems him to be a fellow chosen one like himself. He explains that they are destined to protect the school from a sinister threat.
603	Info 2	Kurotani tells {NAME2} of the Harrowed Grounds	 one of the many threats that surround the school. When they go to investigate	 they discover a patch of land where plants refuse to grow... only to find out it's where the local cats have been answering nature's call.
604	Info 3	{NAME2} and Kurotani head to the Hall of Lament to investigate the source of a terrifying wail... which turns out to be a drama club student practicing her acting.
605	Info 4	Kurotani and {NAME2} head to the school store to uncover the mystery behind the Assassin's Juice	 rumored to make any student who drinks it disappear. There	 they spy a student buying up the entire supply of juice	 and decide to investigate his motives.
606	Info 5	As they follow Kazuki Take	 the boy who bought up all the juice	 Kurotani and {NAME2} discover that he's being taken advantage of by bullies. Kurotani steps in to defend him	 sending the three bullies running.
607	Info 6	Finding a letter from a female student in his shoe locker	 Kurotani asks {NAME2} to accompany him to the audiovisual room to meet her	 only to be trapped inside. To his surprise	 it was a prank	 and the culprit was none other than Take. Why would he do such a thing?
608	Info 7	It turns out that Take was forced by his mean friends from the other day to prank Kurotani. Kurotani tries to convince Take to cut ties with them	 but he refuses to listen.
609	Info 8	Kurotani still feels conflicted about Take standing up for his so-called friends. He opens up to {NAME2} about his own lonely past	 and finds renewed ambition to save Take from those bullies.
610	Info 9	Kurotani asks Take to lead him to his so-called friends	 so he can settle this once and for all. The tense confrontation culminates with Take defending Kurotani	 and bravely standing up to the bullies himself.
611	Info 10	Thanks to Kurotani	 Take's relationship with his three friends has improved tremendously. Through this experience	 Kurotani was able to learn what it means to be a friend	 and reaffirm his friendship with {NAME2}.
701	Thief Details	A first-year university student from Sichuan	 China currently staying in an apartment in Yongen-Jaya. She's an optimistic girl who'll approach anyone with a smile	 though she does have a bit of a childish side.
702	Info 1	While at the supermarket in Yongen-Jaya	 {NAME2} bumps into Yaoling Li	 a cheerful exchange student from Sichuan	 China. As she's still not used to life in Japan	 she's quick to request his help.
703	Info 2	It was Yaoling's parents that encouraged her to study abroad	 but she's still unsure as to what she should be getting out of it. So in order to understand the purpose of her exchange	 she hopes to experience as much as she can while she's here.
704	Info 3	Yaoling heads to Jinbocho to browse the countless secondhand bookstores that line its streets. Surprised to see so few students there	 she wonders if Japanese students also feel a lack of purpose in their studies.
705	Info 4	Yaoling pays a visit to the fashion hotspot of Harajuku. Admiring how the young people express themselves through fashion	 she begins to contemplate what her core values are.
706	Info 5	Near Yongen-Jaya Station	 Yaoling happens to see her neighbor	 Yukimi Fujikawa	 being yelled at by her mother. Yaoling feels troubled	 and she wonders what she can do to help her.
707	Info 6	Hoping to find out more about her family situation	 Yaoling and {NAME2} invite Yukimi on a trip to Asakusa. Yukimi insists that "Mother knows best	 which only makes Yaoling all the more concerned.
708,Info 7,As thanks for inviting her out to Asakusa, Yukimi takes Yaoling to a traditional Japanese teahouse. Yaoling is fascinated to learn about tea ceremonies, but as cultures clash, she accidentally ends up causing trouble for the staff... and Yukimi.
709,Info 8,Yaoling wants to make things up to Yukimi somehow. Realizing that she was only causing her more trouble, Yaoling hopes to better explain herself, and invites Yukimi out to another tea party, this time from her own culture.
710,Info 9,Yaoling introduces Yukimi to a different tea-drinking experience, with a unique combination of teas and snacks. Through it, she conveys the importance of finding what's right for you as opposed to strictly adhering to tradition.
711,Info 10,Through her clash and reconciliation with Yukimi, Yaoling came to understand the differences in culture between China and Japan, and the importance of bridging that gap. She hopes that {NAME2} will continue to help her as her sensei, so she can learn even more.
801,Thief Details,A second-year student at Kokatsu Academy, belonging to class 2-D. She's been friends with Motoha since elementary school, and was battery mates with her in little league, where they won countless games together.
802,Info 1,After her dream of becoming a pro baseball player is shattered by Kiuchi, Tomoko decides to look for a part-time job that she can devote herself to. She asks {NAME2} to accompany her to her first job at a crêpe shop.
803,Info 2,The next job that Tomoko decides to take on is at the beef bowl restaurant in Shibuya. With her sharp eyes honed from years of playing baseball, she catches a customer who's been causing trouble for the store red-handed.
804,Info 3,Tomoko and the protagonist take up a part-time job at the convenience store in Shibuya. She's left feeling somewhat glum when her neighbor comes to the counter and brings up her injury, but otherwise manages to complete her shift without trouble.
805,Info 4,While working at the drugstore in Shibuya, Tomoko and {NAME2} meet the famous figure skater, Kotone Montagne, who also suffered an injury.
806,Info 5,{NAME2} and Tomoko take up a part-time job at an accessory store in Shinjuku. She reflects on the struggles she's faced since her injury, and worries that Kotone might be going through the same.
807,Info 6,Tomoko and {NAME2} happen to be working at the flower shop when Kotone comes in with a difficult request. Tomoko goes above and beyond to amass all the flowers needed for Kotone's bouquet, leading to the two becoming even closer.
808,Info 7,For their next part time job, Tomoko and {NAME2} work at the diner in Shibuya. Just as they're about to leave, they bump into Kotone, so they end up sharing a meal together, and make plans to meet up again.
809,Info 8,The three head out to Odaiba Seaside Park, where they spend a fun-filled day together. As they're about to head home, Kotone opens up about the true reason why she hasn't returned to figure skating... Her confidence has been destroyed by hurtful comments online.
810,Info 9,While working at the book store in Shibuya, Tomoko thinks back to her baseball days, and tries to come up with a way to help Kotone remember the fans who have supported her.
811,Info 10,Tomoko invites Kotone to visit their school and, with the help of the brass band, surprises her with a cheer song just for her. Kotone is deeply moved, and in that moment, Tomoko feels that her days playing baseball were truly worthwhile.
901,Thief Details,A lively housewife who lives next door to {NAME2}. She was once a stylist, but retired after getting married, and feels a slight tinge of emptiness in her heart. She's known to let slip some occasional outdated slang from her youth.
902,Info 1,Tomiyama is going to be looking after her nephew who happens to be around {NAME2}'s age. In order to better get along with him, she wants to get some insight on how kids these days think.
903,Info 2,Tomiyama wants her nephew to send her a photo so that she can recognize him when she picks him up at the station, but is shocked to find that when she asks him for an MMS, he has no idea what she's talking about.
904,Info 3,Tomiyama is astonished to learn that her nephew, Leo Kamiyama, never walks around with any cash on him. Thinking back to how things were when she was younger, she becomes even more painfully aware of the generation gap than before.
905,Info 4,Tomiyama can't help but wonder if the fact that her and Leo haven't had any arguments might be a sign of distance between them. She figures she's probably needlessly worrying, but still can't keep it out of her mind.
906,Info 5,Tomiyama wants to do something to support Leo in preparation for his audition. Seeing him pursue his dream reminds her of how she fought with her parents back when she was doing the same.
907,Info 6,Unfortunately, Leo's audition didn't go so well, and Tomiyama's unsure of how to console him. At {NAME2}'s suggestion, she decides not to make a big fuss about it, but is she just overthinking things?
908,Info 7,Tomiyama is still worrying over how to support Leo, and turns to {NAME2} for advice. Even she realizes that she might be interfering too much...
909,Info 8,Tomiyama makes a careless remark that causes Leo to run away from home. She asks {NAME2} to help bring him home, and the two of them realize where they both went wrong.
910,Info 9,After talking things through with Tomiyama, Leo has decided to move out. Through his interactions with Tomiyama and {NAME2}, he was finally able to understand what he needs to do as an actor.
911,Info 10,Tomiyama came to understand the differences between the youths of today and her, both now at her current age and when she was young herself. She hopes that next time, she'll be able to better support people in different circumstances than her.
1101,Thief Details,A mysterious avatar that {NAME2} meets in Harvest World Online. Cheerful and friendly, her somewhat refined manner of speech and eccentric behavior is rather endearing.
1102,Info 1,When {NAME2} signs in to the virtual world, he's greeted by a rather assertive player going by the name of Yui, and winds up agreeing to start a farm with her.
1103,Info 2,{NAME2} logs in to the virtual world to find that Yui has plowed the land with a giant tractor. They head to town to buy seeds and fertilizer, where another player warns {NAME2} about spending time with her.
1104,Info 3,While watering the field with a large hose, Yui opens up about her lonely experience playing the game. {NAME2} decides not to worry about it and offers to keep playing with her.
1105,Info 4,While using a bazooka to spray the field with fertilizer, Yui chats with {NAME2} about potatoes. Their conversation leads to her asking him if he'd go with her friend" to a burger shop in Shibuya.
1106	Info 5	{NAME2} heads to the burger shop in Shibuya and meets Yui's friend	 Musubi Matsukata. She seems very busy with her IT job	 and talks wistfully about growing up on a farm.
1107	Info 6	{NAME2} logs in to find Yui performing a rousing cheerleading routine to the potatoes	 but when they discover that their field has been attacked by potato moles	 Yui is devastated and abruptly logs off.
1108	Info 7	When Yui finally returns to the game some time later	 she's surprised to find that the field is thriving once again—all thanks to the hard work of {NAME2}	 who dealt with the moles while she was away. Now Yui's back to her enthusiastic self.
1109	Info 8	A reinvigorated Yui flies a helicopter over the field	 scattering seeds to diversify their crops. As they discuss real-world plants	 Yui mentions that Musubi has also expressed interest in growing plants	 and asks if {NAME2} would give her some advice.
1110	Info 9	{NAME2} and Musubi head out to the flower shop in Shibuya to pick out a plant that would suit her busy lifestyle. She also explains why Yui was offline for such a long time.
1111	Info 10	{NAME2} logs in to find Yui blowing up nearby mountains. She wants to clear some land and make the place resemble Musubi's hometown. {NAME2} promises to keep supporting her.
1201	Thief Details	A college student and musician. She stands at a corner of Shibuya Station Square with guitar in hand	 challenging herself to put on a successful street performance. Though she may be shy and introverted	 she's an incredibly talented guitar player...
1202	Info 1	Maybe it's because I joined the school's band club	 but I can't help but notice the girl standing with a guitar at Shibuya Station Square. She's not playing anything	 and seems to be looking for something. I glance at the small piece of paper I just picked up. It's a street performance permit	 and it says her name is Ayaka Sakai. Through this chance encounter	 the two of us become acquainted. It seems as though she's struggling to muster up the courage to perform in public...
1203	Info 2	When I meet Sakai again	 she's finally found the courage to perform in public. She pulls it off smoothly	 and her tone is clear... but it seems that she couldn't catch anyone's attention. This leaves Sakai terribly shocked.
1204	Info 3	A disheartened Sakai opens up about her past. Back in high school	 she was invited by her friend to join their band. Being shy	 she never imagined herself performing	 but the opportunity opened her up to the world of music. Even after their band broke up	 she didn't want to give up on music...
1205	Info 4	Sakai's singing voice is very pleasant	 with a pure tone that moves those who listen to it. She plays a song she made with her band in high school	 which remains a cherished memory for her. I think about what I can do to help her find the courage to sing in public... and come up with a few ideas.
1206	Info 5	Thinking that rhythm could be the key to help Sakai sing	 I decide to meet her in Shibuya with my secret weapon: a tambourine. Amidst the hustle and bustle of the city	 Sakai finally begins to sing	 and many people stop to listen.
1207	Info 6	After her last performance was a success	 Sakai's confidence has greatly increased. She tells me that she plans to write her own original song	 one filled with feelings she wants to express...
1208	Info 7	Sakai seems to be down. Wondering if something happened	 I ask her what's wrong	 and with a sad look in her eyes	 she proceeds to explain. She says the friend from high school who invited her to join the band told her	 "You were definitely meant to be a musician	 Ayaka. More than I ever was." Hearing that her friend has completely given up on the path of music has left Sakai feeling confused...
1209	Info 8	While discussing the song that Sakai is working on	 she comes to realize why she was so drawn to the world of music in the first place: it allows her to boldly express emotions that she can't normally put into words herself. This is the reason why she's writing her song.
1210	Info 9	At the usual place	 I finally hear Sakai's original song. Amidst the sometimes sad	 sometimes tense melody	 her kind and passionate emotions shine through. This song	 which she wrote for the people who supported her	 is sure to touch the hearts of many.
1211	Info 10	Sakai chooses to debut her new song in Shibuya	 the place that marks her starting point and was where we first met. I accompany her with my specialty	 the bass. This is a performance for her and me	 and will be a lasting memory for the both of us.
1301	Thief Details	A woman who works at an underground bar in Shibuya. Her specialty is flair bartending. Although she might appear mature at first glance	 looks can be deceiving...
1302	Info 1	I met Shiina by total coincidence... If she hadn't splashed me with water	 I never would have set foot in her bar or found out that minors could even go in. Her bartending skills are impressive	 and she tells me that she's looking for a mocktail taste-tester	 so I take her up on her offer.
1303	Info 2	For our first taste-testing session	 Shiina shows off her excellent bartending skills. As we chat	 she tells me how she came to be a bartender. She had come to the bar to drink her sorrows away	 but she was so amazed by the owner's bartending skills that she wanted to share that amazement with other people. She felt embarrassed talking about it	 but it truly is a wonderful dream.
1304	Info 3	During one of her shifts	 Shiina performs a flair bartending routine that incorporates dance movements for a customer. That's when I learn that Shiina previously studied dance and participated in numerous competitions... though she avoids mentioning why it is that she quit.
1305	Info 4	As I get to know Shiina better	 she teaches me more of her bartending techniques. She even encourages me to try putting my own spin on recipes if I have any ideas.
1306	Info 5	One of the customer's remarks reminded Shiina about her past. Seeing her a bit down	 I try mixing her a special drink	 just like she taught me. Comforted by the drink	 she opens up about what's on her mind—she wishes she could have become a dancer. Shiina says she just wanted to be able to enjoy doing what she liked	 but in reality	 it's not that easy...
1307	Info 6	The bar owner left an application for a flair bartending contest for Shiina	 but she feels conflicted about whether or not to sign up. Shiina takes this opportunity to finally open up about her past. She ultimately gave up dancing because somebody kept coming to her dancing competitions to criticize her every mistake	 until she couldn't take it any longer. This is why she fears competing to this day. After telling her story	 she feels a little better	 but her desire still lingers...
1308	Info 7	While talking with Shiina about her latest mocktail	 the man who harassed her in the past shows up at the bar and starts criticizing her bartending. I help chase him off	 but if we don't do something about him	 Shiina's desires will be stolen again. I won't let that happen a second time.
1309	Info 8	After successfully changing his heart	 the man apologizes for his actions. Shiina seems to realize that I had something to do with it	 but decides not to press me on it. With her desire restored	 Shiina regains the courage to face the world once more. Perhaps she'll even be able to enjoy doing what she loves again.
1310	Info 9	Having decided to participate in the flair bartending contest	 Shiina starts practicing her drink-mixing. The contest involves making an original cocktail	 but she gets a bit carried away and winds up getting herself drunk... But hey	 at least she's happy again.
1311	Info 10	The competition is over. Unfortunately	 Shiina didn't win... but she's not upset about it in the slightest. She excitedly tells me about everything she gained from the experience. Shiina makes me a non-alcoholic version of the cocktail she presented at the contest	 and it was apparently inspired by me... It won't be for another few years	 but I can't wait to try the real thing once I'm an adult.
1401	Thief Details	AAAAAA==
1402	Info 1	AAAAAA==
1403	Info 2	AAAAAA==
1404	Info 3	AAAAAA==
1405	Info 4	AAAAAA==
1406	Info 5	AAAAAA==
1407	Info 6	AAAAAA==
1408	Info 7	AAAAAA==
1409	Info 8	AAAAAA==
1410	Info 9	AAAAAA==
1411	Info 10	AAAAAA==
1501	Thief Details	AAAAAA==
1502	Info 1	AAAAAA==
1503	Info 2	AAAAAA==
1504	Info 3	AAAAAA==
1505	Info 4	AAAAAA==
1506	Info 5	AAAAAA==
1507	Info 6	AAAAAA==
1508	Info 7	AAAAAA==
1509	Info 8	AAAAAA==
1510	Info 9	AAAAAA==
1511	Info 10	AAAAAA==
1601	Thief Details	AAAAAA==
1602	Info 1	AAAAAA==
1603	Info 2	AAAAAA==
1604	Info 3	AAAAAA==
1605	Info 4	AAAAAA==
1606	Info 5	AAAAAA==
1607	Info 6	AAAAAA==
1608	Info 7	AAAAAA==
1609	Info 8	AAAAAA==
1610	Info 9	AAAAAA==
1611	Info 10	AAAAAA==
1701	Thief Details	AAAAAA==
1702	Info 1	AAAAAA==
1703	Info 2	AAAAAA==
1704	Info 3	AAAAAA==
1705	Info 4	AAAAAA==
1706	Info 5	AAAAAA==
1707	Info 6	AAAAAA==
1708	Info 7	AAAAAA==
1709	Info 8	AAAAAA==
1710	Info 9	AAAAAA==
1711	Info 10	AAAAAA==
