sn	name	desc	victoryText
10001	An Unexpected Encounter	An abnormality with the Metaverse Navigator sent the Phantom Thieves to a strange castle.
As they continued in a daze	 they faced an unexpected encounter.	Reach target destination
10002	Run	The Phantom Thieves encountered two unfamiliar Thieves	 Mona and Skull	 and established an alliance with them.
Skull had been to this castle before	 but it didn't seem like it had been a positive experience for him.	Reach target destination
10003	Tasteless Castle	The Phantom Thieves continued pushing forward and exploring the area.
The interior of the castle could hardly be described as being in good taste.	Reach target destination
10004	Raucous Teammates	Compared to Kiuchi's Palace	 the castle is filled with dark corridors and disturbing rooms.
Closer seems to feel uncomfortable here...	Reach target destination
10005	Prison Break	Working together to beat back the Shadows	 the Phantom Thieves fought their way to the underground prison.
There	 they came across a lost teammate confined to a cell.	Reach target destination
10006	Person with Good Taste	Panther joined her allies and the search for the Core continued.
Their final missing teammate	 Joker	 is still missing. Just where could he be?	Reach target destination
10007	Unpleasant Memories	The Phantom Thieves backtracked to a certain room at the castle's west end.
Panther seemed to have some bad memories of that room.	Reach target destination
10008	For Friends	In an area called the Training Hall of Love	 the Phantom Thieves witnessed the unfair treatment of a cognitive being.
While there	 Closer spotted a familiar face.	Reach target destination
10009	Treasured Cards	The Phantom Thieves find themselves in dire straits as they are suddenly attacked by a strong Shadow.
Luckily	 they still had an ace up their sleeve.	Reach target destination
10010	Thieves' Alliance	With Joker's return	 all allies had finally assembled.
The Phantom Thieves set out once more in pursuit of the Core.	Reach target destination
10011	Past Wisdom	Countless traps await the Phantom Thieves on their path to the Core.
They must combine their power in order to overcome the difficulties that lie ahead.	Get the baseball
10012	Temporary Rest	The Phantom Thieves	 exhausted from the continuous campaign of battles and exploration	 decide they might need to take a short rest.	Reach target destination
10013	The Last Challenge	After their rest	 the Phantom Thieves began a search for the third ball.
Although they hoped for a quick job	 things didn't appear to be that simple.	Get the baseball
10014	It's Ours!	The Phantom Thieves have finally arrived at the heart of the castle.
Can they successfully steal the Core...?	Reach target destination
20001	Reunion	The Metaverse Navigator has produced another anomaly. This time	 the Thieves have been taken to a place resembling some sort of museum... will they encounter "them" again?	Reach target destination
20002	One More Core?	After entering the museum	 the Phantom Thieves encountered Panther and Fox. It seems that once again	 they have been separated from their teammates. In exchange for searching for each other's lost allies	 the two groups of Thieves entered into an alliance. During this time	 Lufel seemed to grow curious about something.	Get the museum's Treasure
20003	Determination to Resist	During the search for their teammates	 Fox turned his attention to a painting hung on the wall of the museum. This place seems to resemble a certain Palace	 one with which he and the owner shared a deep connection.	Get the museum's Treasure
20004	Find the Password!	The Phantom Thieves head toward the second exhibition room. The museum's inner security seems to be very tight...	Get the museum's Treasure
20005	A Calm	 Yet Forceful Entry	The Phantom Thieves continue their search for the Core as they slip past various security measures. What awaited them ahead was...	Reach target destination
20006	Proceed Even Deeper	Although the Thieves successfully acquired the Core	 there seems to be one more Core reading left. In order to obtain the remaining Core	 the Phantom Thieves ventured further within the museum.	Get the museum's Treasure
20007	Catch Me If You Can	The Phantom Thieves head toward the security room in order to find the road leading outside of the art museum. The patrolling Shadows and security measures are not to be taken lightly.	Get the museum's Treasure
20008	Beauty Is Bizarre	Just as the Phantom Thieves were about to reach the museum exit	 an unexpected obstacle blocked their path. Can they put their heads together to overcome this unanticipated challenge?	Get the museum's Treasure
20009	Run Through!	The Core's presence is rapidly growing closer. The exit is within reach.	Get the museum's Treasure
20010	Which is Real?	The Phantom Thieves finally left the museum. There	 they came across something most unexpected...	Reach target destination
20011	Queen Takes the Stage	The Thieves arrived at a building closely resembling Kaneshiro's Palace. No one could hide their disgust at the unsightly scene brimming with greed.
In front of the palace	 they found the formerly lost Closer	 who was accompanied by another reliable new teammate.	Go to the bank hall control room
20012	Continued Delusion	A flurry of banknotes was scattered all throughout the Palace.
If only it was all real... Each of the Thieves imagined the limitless possibilities.	Investigate the bank reception hall
20013	Head for the Underground	The Core must be hidden somewhere within the bank's underground.
The Phantom Thieves continue searching the depths for a route forward.	Go to the bank basement
20014	Underground Search	Aside from patrolling Shadows	 various tricks and traps hindered the Thieves' path.
To obtain the Core	 their only option was to persevere and continue onward.	Investigate the east side of the employee passage
20015	Guidance Through the Screen	As Shadows close in	 the Phantom Thieves find themselves in a dire position.
However	 their luck turns around thanks to an unexpected visitor.	Head to the employee passage control room
20016	Aim for The Vault!	Facing greater dangers	 the Phantom Thieves continue the exploration.
The next destination has been decided: the underground vault.	Head to the laundering office lower floor
20017	With All Our Effort	The Phantom Thieves have arrived in front of the vault.
Skull suggested holding a planning meeting before attempting to enter.	Investigate Underground Vault B1F
20018	Vault Exploration	The exploration of the vault has begun.
In addition to traps and tricks	 powerful Shadows lie in wait for the Phantom Thieves.	Investigate Underground Vault B2F
20019	Continue: Vault Exploration	The presence of the Core grows closer.
It looks like the final destination of this journey will lead to the very heart of the vault.	Investigate Underground Vault B3F
20020	The Final Battle	After great tribulation	 the Phantom Thieves have finally arrived at the Core.
Can they defeat the perilous final Shadow that awaits	 and steal the resplendent Core?	Get the bank's Treasure
30001	Girl in the Desert	Due to a Metaverse Navigator error	 the Thieves once again appeared in an unexpected place.
While standing in bewilderment at the vast desert wasteland before them	 they heard a voice calling for help.	Find the source of the distress call
30002	The Third Alliance	While traversing the desert with Oracle	 the Phantom Thieves arrived at a pyramid	 where they once again encountered Queen and Fox.
While delighted at the reunion	 it seems other allies are still unaccounted for.	Investigate the pyramid's underground area
30003	Shade and Sun	As the Phantom Thieves continued into the pyramid's underground area	 they came across Panther and Skull.
However	 upon seeing the joyous reunion between Closer and Panther	 Oracle suddenly felt pain...	Reach target destination
30004	Into the Pyramid	In the Chamber of Rejection	 it seems that not just enemies	 but traps and gimmicks	 lie in wait for the Thieves.
Sharp wits	 in addition to raw strength	 will be required in order to push forward.	Search the Chamber of Rejection
30005	Mural: Snake	As the Phantom Thieves continue inward	 they encounter a strange mural of a snake.
It seems the mural in the original Palace was different	 but what could that mean...	Reach target destination
30006	Mural: Chicken	Continuing from the snake	 the Thieves happen upon a mural of a chicken.
While pondering its meaning	 a portion of Oracle's past is brought to light.	Investigate the Chamber of Guilt
30007	Hidden Path	Facing stronger enemies as they continue inward	 the present path grows dangerous.
The Thieves must find the right path	 all while fending off Shadows.	Investigate the Chamber of Guilt
30008	Mural: Pig	The Phantom Thieves come across yet another peculiar mural.
At first glance	 the animals in it don't seem to be connected at all... But then	 a look of realization appears on Navi's face.	Reach target destination
30009	The Final Stretch	As the Core's presence grows stronger	 large numbers of traps and gimmicks hinder the path ahead.
Can the Thieves unite to overcome these obstacles?	Investigate the Chamber of Emptiness
30010	Bring it Down!	After overcoming many trials	 the Phantom Thieves have finally arrived at the Core.
Waiting for them was an enormous enemy far beyond their expectations.	Obtain the pyramids's Treasure
40001	Beauty Thief Takes the Stage!	As the members of the Phantom Thieves gathered	 they had no trouble mingling with one another.
The newly-joined Noir seemed a little bit nervous at the current situation. After seeing her disposition	 Joker took action...	Reach target destination
40002	Explore the Spaceport	The structure of the spaceportesque False Palace was complex	 teeming with various obstacles to the Phantom Thieves' exploration. Channeling all of the knowledge and experience they had gained up to this point	 they utilized the facilities within the spaceport and slowly began to make their way through.	Reach target destination
40003	Continue: Explore the Spaceport	As the Phantom Thieves began to acclimate to exploration	 more and more Shadows stood in their path. Fighting useless battles is a waste of time and energy. Sharp situational judgment will be the key to success.	Reach target destination
40004	Mechanical Slave	Noir's mood darkened when she looked upon the robots forced to work like slaves.
Wind	 who had experienced similar circumstances	 empathized with Noir.
Despite it all	 the two now have each other	 as well as close allies	 to support them along the way.	Reach target destination
40005	Pitiful Class Hierarchy	The Thieves find themselves hampered by the base's security system.
They need to find a shadow with an Employee ID bearing special access permissions. Even for Shadows of the Metaverse	 it seems the shackles of hierarchical society cannot be so easily broken.	Reach target destination
40006	That's Wrong	 Isn't It?	By pure coincidence	 the two groups of Phantom Thieves noticed a difference between their respective realities. They were perplexed by the possibility of the existence of parallel worlds...	Reach target destination
40007	An Entangled World	Oracle's mind returned to the parallel worlds situation.
Was the meeting of the two groups of Thieves really a product of coincidence? Who could have intentionally set up such an encounter? It seems that they may need to shed light on the truth themselves.	Reach target destination
40008	Fly to Space!	A vast vacuum of space surrounded the False Palace.
The only way to the Core was directly across the dark void. Even the Phantom Thieves couldn't help but feel a touch of uneasiness at the prospect.	Reach target destination
40009	Head to the Depths	After leaping through space	 the Phantom Thieves arrived at the final area.
The location of the Core is only a small step away. Although they were greeted by powerful Shadows and all manner of obstacles	 they continued their advance toward their goal.	Reach target destination
40010	Savior	The Phantom Thieves face off against the Core's guardian at the spaceport's deepest point.
In the middle of the battle	 the enemy shouted all manner of mysterious words.
Just what could these utterances mean...	Obtain the spaceport's Treasure
