sn	name	Bait	desc
1	Common Freshwater Prawn	Small Boilie	A shrimp with a large head and two claws. Delicious	 tender	 and juicy.
2	Good Freshwater Prawn	Small Boilie	A freshwater prawn that can only be caught in a certain season. It tastes better than regular shrimp.
3	Great Freshwater Prawn	Small Boilie	A giant prawn as big as your arm. It's a premium item at seafood restaurants.
4	Prime Freshwater Prawn	Small Boilie	For some reason	 this freshwater prawn has a tag on it. It seems the fish market has taken an interest in it.
5	Best Freshwater Prawn	Small Boilie	For some reason	 this freshwater prawn has a tag on it. It seems the fish market has taken an interest in it.
6	Common Salmon	Small Boilie	A type of trout with delicious and plump meat. It's popular either fried or as sashimi.
7	Good Salmon	Small Boilie	A top-choice salmon. It has more fat	 giving it a smooth texture that melts in your mouth.
8	Great Salmon	Small Boilie	The finest salmon	 only a small amount of which is caught each year. Its exquisite taste is unforgettable.
9	Prime Salmon	Small Boilie	For some reason	 this salmon has a tag on it. It seems the fish market has taken an interest in it.
10	Best Salmon	Small Boilie	For some reason	 this salmon has a tag on it. It seems the fish market has taken an interest in it.
11	Common Star Snapper	Small Boilie	A popular edible fish. It has bright red scales.
12	Good Star Snapper	Small Boilie	A star snapper suitable for a high-end restaurant. It has a finer texture than a normal star snapper.
13	Great Star Snapper	Small Boilie	A rare star snapper over three feet in length. You could sell it to fish enthusiasts for a high price.
14	Prime Star Snapper	Small Boilie	For some reason	 this star snapper has a tag on it. It seems the fish shop has taken an interest in it.
15	Best Star Snapper	Small Boilie	For some reason	 this star snapper has a tag on it. It seems the fish shop has taken an interest in it.
16	Common Crucian Carp	Small Boilie	A common fish. It's nutritious but has a lot of bones	 so you need to be careful when eating it.
17	Good Crucian Carp	Small Boilie	Thanks to the fine water quality	 this fish is fatter and finer than ordinary crucian carp. It's extremely delicious.
18	Great Crucian Carp	Small Boilie	A special crucian carp raised with care. It's a rare specimen with fewer bones and more tender meat.
19	Prime Crucian Carp	Small Boilie	For some reason	 this crucian carp has a tag on it. It seems the fish market has taken an interest in it.
20	 Crucian Carp	Small Boilie	For some reason	 this crucian carp has a tag on it. It seems the fish market has taken an interest in it.
21	Common Koi	Small Boilie	One of the most common varieties of fish in the world. In some countries	 they are even becoming a nuisance due to overpopulation.
22	Good Koi	Small Boilie	It has a less muddy taste compared to regular carp	 and you can taste a subtle sweetness.
23	Great Koi	Small Boilie	A carp scooped from a frozen lake in winter. Its flesh is firm and elastic	 with a good amount of fat.
24	Prime Koi	Small Boilie	For some reason	 this carp has a tag on it. It seems the fish market has taken an interest in it.
25	Best Koi	Small Boilie	For some reason	 this carp has a tag on it. It seems the fish market has taken an interest in it.
26	Common Barbel Steed	Small Boilie	Known as Ayu in Japan	 this fish is a special summer delicacy. It's usually prepared using a unique cooking method.
27	Good Barbel Steed	Small Boilie	Specially cultivated barbel steed. It has a stronger aroma and a richer taste than other barbel steed.
28	Great Barbel Steed	Small Boilie	A wild barbel steed caught in a lake with clean water. It's especially delicious.
29	Prime Barbel Steed	Small Boilie	For some reason	 this barbel steed has a tag on it. It seems the fish market has taken an interest in it.
30	Best Barbel Steed	Small Boilie	For some reason	 this barbel steed has a tag on it. It seems the fish market has taken an interest in it.
31	Common White Crucian Carp	Small Boilie	The white crucian carp is a member of the carp family. Grilled	 boiled	 or fried	 it's perfect for all kinds of cooking.
32	Good White Crucian Carp	Small Boilie	A more fatty white crucian carp. It's more suitable for raw consumption than common varieties.
33	Great White Crucian Carp	Small Boilie	A fish that has been specially cultivated to have no fishy smell. It is extremely expensive.
34	Prime White Crucian Carp	Small Boilie	For some reason	 this white crucian carp has a tag on it. It seems the fish market has taken an interest in it.
35	Best White Crucian Carp	Small Boilie	For some reason	 this white crucian carp has a tag on it. It seems the fish market has taken an interest in it.
36	Common Mackerel	Small Boilie	Fish that are commonly farmed. They can be canned	 grilled with salt	 or smoked.
37	Good Mackerel	Small Boilie	This fish can be found in regions where special algae grow. A rare variety with a unique mineral taste.
38	Great Mackerel	Small Boilie	A mackerel that is rarely caught. It's near-perfect in both fat content and size.
39	Prime Mackerel	Small Boilie	For some reason	 this mackerel has a tag on it. It seems the fish market has taken an interest in it.
40	Best Mackerel	Small Boilie	For some reason	 this mackerel has a tag on it. It seems the fish market has taken an interest in it.
41	Common Eel	Small Boilie	A fish sometimes used in medicine. It is popular for its tender texture and rich aroma.
42	Good Eel	Small Boilie	Thick-fleshed eel. Generally bought by high-end restaurants to make eel rice bowls.
43	Great Eel	Small Boilie	A giant eel far exceeding the usual size. It will probably cause a bidding war at the fish market.
44	Prime Eel	Small Boilie	For some reason	 this eel has a tag on it. It seems the fish market has taken an interest in it.
45	Best Eel	Small Boilie	For some reason	 this eel has a tag on it. It seems the fish market has taken an interest in it.
46	Common Greasy Grouper	Medium Boilie	A large cultivated fish. Delicious	 with skin rich in gelatin.
47	Good Greasy Grouper	Medium Boilie	Wild greasy grouper. Although small	 it is rich in nutrients and is considered a delicacy of the sea.
48	Great Greasy Grouper	Medium Boilie	A rare	 extra-large wild greasy grouper	 said to be used for state banquet-level dishes at high-end restaurants.
49	Prime Greasy Grouper	Medium Boilie	For some reason	 this greasy grouper has a tag on it. It seems the fish market has taken an interest in it.
50	Best Greasy Grouper	Medium Boilie	For some reason	 this greasy grouper has a tag on it. It seems the fish market has taken an interest in it.
51	Common Red Snapper	Medium Boilie	A fish widely distributed along coastal areas. Naturally cautious and cunning	 it requires great skill to catch.
52	Good Red Snapper	Medium Boilie	A red snapper that inhabits fast-flowing waters. Only experienced anglers can catch it. Rich in nutrients.
53	Great Red Snapper	Medium Boilie	A red snapper that can only be caught during the migratory season. The roe inside is exquisite.
54	Prime Red Snapper	Medium Boilie	For some reason	 this red snapper has a tag on it. It seems the fish market has taken an interest in it.
55	Best Red Snapper	Medium Boilie	For some reason	 this red snapper has a tag on it. It seems the fish market has taken an interest in it.
56	Common Dace	Medium Boilie	An economical fish that is easy to raise and breeds quickly. Commonly seen in fishing ponds.
57	Good Dace	Medium Boilie	A large dace. It's larger than average and fetches a high price.
58	Great Dace	Medium Boilie	The particularly vivid yellow tail indicates a high amount of nutrients in its body	 and is also a sign of its value.
59	Prime Dace	Medium Boilie	For some reason	 this dace has a tag on it. It seems the fish market has taken an interest in it.
60	Best Dace	Medium Boilie	For some reason	 this dace has a tag on it. It seems the fish market has taken an interest in it.
61	Common Barracuda	Medium Boilie	Fish that always swim in schools. They attack prey at high speed	 making them difficult to catch.
62	Good Barracuda	Medium Boilie	A delicious barracuda that's rich in fat. It's over 6 feet long and quite difficult to catch.
63	Great Barracuda	Medium Boilie	A fish that has been artificially detoxified. Its scales are beautiful and vibrant	 making it highly valuable both as food and for ornamental purposes.
64	Best Barracuda	Medium Boilie	For some reason	 this barracuda has a tag on it. It seems the fish market has taken an interest in it.
65	Best Barracuda	Medium Boilie	For some reason	 this barracuda has a tag on it. It seems the fish market has taken an interest in it.
66	Common Minnow	Medium Boilie	Small	 aggressive fish that swim in numbers. If mixed in a fishing pond	 they will prey on other fish.
67	Good Minnow	Medium Boilie	A minnow that has eaten a lot of shrimp. It has stored a lot of nutrients in its body	 giving it a fresh	 delicious flavor.
68	Great Minnow	Medium Boilie	A rare wild minnow. Rich in amino acids and difficult to catch.
69	Prime Minnow	Medium Boilie	For some reason	 this minnow has a tag on it. It seems the fish market has taken an interest in it.
70	Best Minnow	Medium Boilie	For some reason	 this minnow has a tag on it. It seems the fish market has taken an interest in it.
71	Common Herring	Medium Boilie	One of the four famous fish in Chinese history. Its delicious flavor is even celebrated in poetry.
72	Good Herring	Medium Boilie	This herring's scales were not damaged when it was caught. Its freshness is truly remarkable.
73	Great Herring	Medium Boilie	A herring caught using special techniques. Even its internal organs are in perfect condition.
74	Prime Herring	Medium Boilie	For some reason	 this herring has a tag on it. It seems the fish market has taken an interest in it.
75	Best Herring	Medium Boilie	For some reason	 this herring has a tag on it. It seems the fish market has taken an interest in it.
76	Common Masu Salmon	Medium Boilie	One of the most common types of trout in Japan. It is often released into fishing ponds as a popular catch.
77	Good Masu Salmon	Medium Boilie	A yamame with uniquely colored scales. It prefers artificial bait and is highly valued for both ornamental viewing and fishing.
78	Great Masu Salmon	Medium Boilie	A mature specimen weighing almost two pounds. Extremely rare and can even substitute for premium trout.
79	Prime Masu Salmon	Medium Boilie	For some reason	 this yamame has a tag on it. It seems the fish market has taken an interest in it.
80	Best Masu Salmon	Medium Boilie	For some reason	 this yamame has a tag on it. It seems the fish market has taken an interest in it.
81	Common Rockfish	Medium Boilie	A widely distributed freshwater fish	 also known as Chinese perch. It has few bones and is easy to eat.
82	Good Rockfish	Medium Boilie	A rockfish raised with high-quality shrimp and crab. Tastier than regular rockfish.
83	Great Rockfish	Medium Boilie	A delicacy that can only be caught in a specific season. Said to be used in exquisite fermented dishes in China.
84	Prime Rockfish	Medium Boilie	For some reason	 this rockfish has a tag on it. It seems the fish market has taken an interest in it.
85	Best Rockfish	Medium Boilie	For some reason	 this rockfish has a tag on it. It seems the fish market has taken an interest in it.
86	Common Sturgeon	Medium Boilie	Migratory fish. Also known as living fossils of the water. They have only cartilage in their bodies and are delicious.
87	Good Sturgeon	Medium Boilie	A large sturgeon rarely found in fishing ponds. Generally only found in high-difficulty ponds.
88	Great Sturgeon	Medium Boilie	A sturgeon cultivated for over 10 years. It has eggs in its belly	 which can be used to make caviar.
89	Prime Sturgeon	Medium Boilie	For some reason	 this sturgeon has a tag on it. It seems the fish market has taken an interest in it.
90	Best Sturgeon	Medium Boilie	For some reason	 this sturgeon has a tag on it. It seems the fish market has taken an interest in it.
91	Common Bonito	Medium Boilie	A species of tuna said to be the foundation of the flavor of Japanese cuisine. Often preserved in dried blocks	 which are harder than metal.
92	Good Bonito	Medium Boilie	A tuna that lives in warm water. Tastier than regular bonito.
93	Great Bonito	Medium Boilie	A rare large bonito. A valuable catch that's difficult to reel in even in the wild.
94	Prime Bonito	Medium Boilie	For some reason	 this bonito has a tag on it. It seems the fish market has taken an interest in it.
95	Best Bonito	Medium Boilie	For some reason	 this bonito has a tag on it. It seems the fish market has taken an interest in it.
96	Common Jack Mackerel	Large Boilie	A popular edible fish in Japan. Delicious whether boiled or fried.
97	Good Jack Mackerel	Large Boilie	A meaty jack mackerel. It has more fat and is larger than a regular horse mackerel.
98	Great Jack Mackerel	Large Boilie	Jack mackerel that can be caught in Saganoseki Town. Known for its high quality	 it is often used as a premium sashimi ingredient.
99	Prime Jack Mackerel	Large Boilie	For some reason	 this jack mackerel has a tag on it. It seems the fish market has taken an interest in it.
100	Best Jack Mackerel	Large Boilie	For some reason	 this jack mackerel has a tag on it. It seems the fish market has taken an interest in it.
101	Common Sea Bass	Large Boilie	A carnivorous fish that feeds on shrimp	 crabs	 and small fish. Its white flesh is extremely firm and elastic.
102	Good Sea Bass	Large Boilie	Larger than the average sea bass	 with better meat quality. A classic taste of summer cookouts.
103	Great Sea Bass	Large Boilie	A luxury item that can only be purchased by the finest restaurants. Dishes made with this are said to be very expensive.
104	Prime Sea Bass	Large Boilie	For some reason	 this sea bass has a tag on it. It seems the fish shop has taken an interest in it.
105	Best Sea Bass	Large Boilie	For some reason	 this sea bass has a tag on it. It seems the fish shop has taken an interest in it.
106	Common Sole	Large Boilie	A Chinese tongue sole	 scientifically named "cynoglossus semilaevis". It inhabits the deeper parts of aquaculture ponds and is known for its strong vitality.
107	Good Sole	Large Boilie	A large sole. Due to its unique habitat	 it is known for being difficult to catch.
108	Great Sole	Large Boilie	Scientifically proven to contain more nutrients in its body	 this sole is a delicacy in dietary therapy.
109	Prime Sole	Large Boilie	For some reason	 this sole has a tag on it. It seems the fish market has taken an interest in it.
110	Best Sole	Large Boilie	For some reason	 this sole has a tag on it. It seems the fish market has taken an interest in it.
111	Common Turbot	Large Boilie	The turbot is one of the largest fish in the sea. Usually only juveniles are released into fishing ponds.
112	Good Turbot	Large Boilie	A rare adult turbot. Due to its large size	 it would likely take several people to reel it in.
113	Great Turbot	Large Boilie	A turbot weighing over 330 pounds. It has an excellent taste and can even substitute for the more expensive silver cod.
114	Prime Turbot	Large Boilie	For some reason	 this turbot has a tag on it. It seems the fish market has taken an interest in it.
115	Best Turbot	Large Boilie	For some reason	 this turbot has a tag on it. It seems the fish market has taken an interest in it.
116	Common Pearl-Spot Chromis	Large Boilie	An invasive fish species that can adapt to many kinds of waters. It has become a problem even in fishing ponds due to overbreeding.
117	Good Pearl-Spot Chromis	Large Boilie	A large pearl-spot chromis. It has a lot of meat and few bones	 and can be sold at a high price.
118	Great Pearl-Spot Chromis	Large Boilie	A rarely-seen pearl-spot chromis. Even the most common ones can be sold at a high price.
119	Prime Pearl-Spot Chromis	Large Boilie	For some reason	 this pearl-spot chromis has a tag on it. It seems the fish shop has taken an interest in it.
120	Best Pearl-Spot Chromis	Large Boilie	For some reason	 this pearl-spot chromis has a tag on it. It seems the fish shop has taken an interest in it.
121	Common Malabar Grouper	Large Boilie	A slow-swimming fish. Due to its unique body structure	 it is suitable for longline and handline fishing.
122	Good Malabar Grouper	Large Boilie	A Malabar grouper which was bought for a high price by the fishing pond owner. It's delicious and always worth catching.
123	Great Malabar Grouper	Large Boilie	Due to its immense size	 it has become the king of the fishing pond. None can conquer it.
124	Prime Malabar Grouper	Large Boilie	For some reason	 this malabar grouper has a tag on it. It seems the fish market has taken an interest in it.
125	Best Malabar Grouper	Large Boilie	For some reason	 this malabar grouper has a tag on it. It seems the fish market has taken an interest in it.
126	Common Catfish	Large Boilie	Edible catfish that can be found anywhere. The taste is nothing special	 but it's a popular catch.
127	Good Catfish	Large Boilie	A catfish that has grown especially fat. When grilled	 it becomes very flavorful and delicious.
128	Great Catfish	Large Boilie	A catfish with especially long whiskers. While the taste is no different than usual	 it has high ornamental value.
129	Prime Catfish	Large Boilie	For some reason	 this catfish has a tag on it. It seems the fish market has taken an interest in it.
130	Best Catfish	Large Boilie	For some reason	 this catfish has a tag on it. It seems the fish market has taken an interest in it.
131	Common Flathead Mullet	Large Boilie	A very active and intelligent fish	 which often swims in a zigzag pattern. It makes for an interesting fishing target.
132	Good Flathead Mullet	Large Boilie	A larger and more lively mullet. Extremely difficult to catch.
133	Great Flathead Mullet	Large Boilie	Mullet in its breeding season. It can be used to prepare rare and expensive dishes such as karasumi.
134	Prime Flathead Mullet	Large Boilie	For some reason	 this mullet has a tag on it. It seems the fish market has taken an interest in it.
135	Best Flathead Mullet	Large Boilie	For some reason	 this mullet has a tag on it. It seems the fish market has taken an interest in it.
136	Red Sanke Koi	Mysterious Boilie	Vividly colored sanke koi. A rare fish that can only be caught under special conditions.
137	Moonfish	Mysterious Boilie	A large fish with scales the color of roses. It has a beautiful shape reminiscent of the moon. A rare fish that can only be caught under special conditions.
138	Chinook Salmon	Mysterious Boilie	As the name suggests	 it's the largest salmon. A rare fish that can only be caught under special conditions.
139	Black Sanke Koi	Mysterious Boilie	Vividly colored sanke koi. A rare fish that can only be caught under special conditions.
140	White Butterfly Koi	Mysterious Boilie	Its entire body is pure white and unblemished	 with fins and a tail resembling a celestial maiden's robe. A rare fish that can only be caught under special conditions.
