sn	commendDesc
1	Morgana is a Medic with impressive fighting capabilities. When he uses his various skills	 he gains Chivalry	 which allows him to automatically heal allies who are low on HP when they act. His Highlight skill can even revive fallen allies	 making him versatile in both offensive and support roles.
2	Shun is a Guardian with a varied skillset. He can heal allies	 reduce the enemy's defense	 and also make enemies focus their attacks on him.
3	Tomiyama is an Elucidator who specializes in strengthening her allies' attacks. She can enhance her allies' Attack and Damage Dealt	 and increase the effects inflicted on enemies with elemental ailments. As such	 she works well with allies who can cause elemental ailments.
4	Yaoling is a Saboteur who can lower the enemy's Defense	 and increase the whole party's Damage Dealt. She also has powerful attacks herself	 and can even inflict Forget on enemies	 making her useful in a variety of situations.
5	Tomoko is a Strategist who specializes in enhancing her allies' Attack. In addition to putting enemies to sleep and rendering them unable to act	 she can also increase the enemy's Damage Taken	 making her useful in plenty of situations.
6	Yukimi is a Guardian who specializes in protecting individual allies. She can provide shields	 damage reduction and increased Defense to a single ally.
7	Miyu is an Elucidator who specializes in strengthening the allies' defense. She can provide shields and increased Defense to her allies	 protecting them from powerful enemy attacks.
8	Haruna is a Strategist who excels at strengthening her allies' attacks. She can spend Childish Heart to raise allies' Attack and Damage Dealt	 making her effective when paired with allies who have multi-hit attacks.
101	Phantom Thieves who share the same Attribute can create a Flames of Desire effect	 boosting the status of the whole party. Yaoling can inflict debuffs on enemies	 boosting Ren's Attack even further	 making them an effective combo.
102	Ren's primary strategy relies on gaining Extra Actions and performing more actions	 but with the more attacks he uses	 the more SP he spends. Morgana has the ability to reduce SP costs for allies	 so by having them in the same party	 you can reduce the burden on Ren.
103	Shiratori has several skills that hit multiple times. By teaming up with Sumi or Haruna	 who benefit from multi-hit attacks	 you can create a more effective party.
104	Phantom Thieves who share the same Attribute can create a Flames of Desire effect	 boosting the status of the whole party. Shiratori deals more damage to Windswept enemies	 so try pairing him with another character like Morgana who can inflict the Windswept status.
105	Phantom Thieves who share the same Attribute can create a Flames of Desire effect	 boosting the status of the whole party. Lufel can boost his allies' Fire damage. Kurotani can inflict debuffs on enemies and increase Fire damage. Ann has high attack capabilities. These characters can form a powerful team	 and can become even stronger with Tomiyama's elemental ailment boosting capability.
106	Phantom Thieves who share the same attribute can create a Flames of Desire effect	 boosting stats for the whole party. You can combine this with Tomoko's attack-boosting skills to also greatly increase Ann and Kurotani's Attack and create a hard-hitting team.
107	Tomoko's attack-boosting skills can increase the effectiveness of Ryuji's single-target attacks.
108	By leveling up Kotone's Resonance	 her attacks will always land critical hits. Kamiyama also has an effect that further increases allies' critical damage—a combination that powers up the party's attacks.
109	Kamiyama's skills allow him to convert allies' HP into a shield. He can use it on Ryuji to reduce his HP	 which increases his attack power. Miyu can provide extra shields to protect the party when their HP is low.
110	This party is made up of Phantom Thieves who are easy to recruit. They have a good balance of single- and multi-target attacks	 as well as HP recovery. This is a versatile team ideal for players new to exploring the Metaverse.
111	Tomoko's attack-boosting skills can enhance Motoha's multi-target attack skills. These Phantom Thieves are easy to recruit	 making this an ideal team for beginners.
112	Motoha is capable of attacking all enemies with multiple hits. Try teaming up with a Phantom Thief like Sumi	 who receives benefits the more times his allies hit.
113	Phantom Thieves who share the same attribute can create a Flames of Desire effect	 boosting the stats of the whole party. Motoha is good at Shocking enemies with her Electric skills	 and Yui deals extra damage to Shocked enemies. This combination will strengthen the party's attack capabilities.
114	Tomoko's attack-boosting skills can increase the effectiveness of Yui's single-target attacks.
115	Tomoko's attack-boosting skills can increase the effectiveness of Ren's multi-target attacks.
116	Minami has excellent healing and Max HP-boosting skills. She can also cure debuffs and increase the damage of allies when she heals them. Her support abilities can be useful in a variety of different parties.
117	Yukimi and Miyu can grant Yusuke a shield and increased defense power	 improving his survivability. This also extends the duration of his damage boost effect from his Awakening skill. This party combination has excellent attack power and endurance.
118	Phantom Thieves who share the same attribute can create a Flames of Desire effect	 boosting the status of the whole party. Kotone can use Ice attacks to freeze enemies	 and Yusuke deals higher damage to Frozen enemies. They can combine to form an effective team.
119	Yaoling can lower the Defense of all enemies. She works well with Yusuke	 a Sweeper who can attack all enemies at once.
120	Phantom Thieves who share the same Attribute can create a Flames of Desire effect	 boosting the status of the whole party. Makoto can transform by collecting Toughness	 greatly enhancing her strength in battle. She can gain more Toughness by attacking enemies with elemental ailments. Chizuko can reliably inflict elemental ailments on enemies	 helping Queen gain Toughness more quickly and increasing the effectiveness of their Nuclear skills. Together they can form an effective team.
121	Phantom Thieves who share the same Attribute can create a Flames of Desire effect	 boosting the stats of the whole party. Kamiyama can boost his teammates' Attack and critical damage	 making Makoto especially more effective.
122	Yumi specializes in granting buffs to the entire party. She can also increase the effectiveness of specific damage attributes	 so if you include multiple Phantom Thieves with the same attribute in the party	 Phoebe's buffs will be maximized.
123	Ayaka can enhance the effects of her allies' Highlight skills. She's an effective partner for characters with powerful Highlights	 since she can boost their damage and instantly activate their Highlight.
124	Riko specializes in enhancing the party's 1 More and All-Out Attacks. In addition	 she can lower the Defense of enemies when they are knocked down	 allowing for even more powerful 1 More and All-Out Attacks.
125	Ren is able to get Extra Actions	 allowing him to perform multiple actions and make it easier for Riko to activate her skills. Additionally	 Riko's ability to lower enemy defense helps Ren deal more damage	 making them an effective team.
126	tdxct-[CommendThief_commendDesc_126]
127	tdxct-[CommendThief_commendDesc_127]
128	tdxct-[CommendThief_commendDesc_128]
129	tdxct-[CommendThief_commendDesc_129]
130	tdxct-[CommendThief_commendDesc_130]
131	tdxct-[CommendThief_commendDesc_131]
132	tdxct-[CommendThief_commendDesc_132]
133	tdxct-[CommendThief_commendDesc_133]
134	tdxct-[CommendThief_commendDesc_134]
135	tdxct-[CommendThief_commendDesc_135]
136	tdxct-[CommendThief_commendDesc_136]
137	tdxct-[CommendThief_commendDesc_137]
